

UDonotuse blower or infotainment system in engine Ensure door, hood and tail gate are properly locked. Shift to P before switching o ignition. Please donotuse Accelerator Brake pedal simultaneously. Prohibited to drive the vehicle inoodhigh water level conditions. Your new energy vehicle is integrated with advanced technologies, safety,

Environmental protection and economy. This manual provides necessary information tohelpyou drive your vehicle safely and e ectively. The driver shall always note that improper operation of vehicle may cause MG, please thoroughly review this manual andsaveit securely once you have nished.

Special Instructions: We advise using genuine spare parts and following this manual with non-genuine spare parts can compromise overall performance, particularly safety and durability. Any vehicle damage or performance issues resulting from non-genuine spare parts are not covered under warranty. Furthermore, vehicle modi cations may

Infringe government regulations. To enhance our service to you, please verify that your contact information isupto date. If there are any changes, please contact an authorized MG dealer to ensure our records are accurate. It is crucial to comply with national laws and local regulations and to

Promptly register your vehicle to prevent any potential registration issues. The descriptions marked with in this manual apply speci cally to certain models, and the images depict a single con guration. In case ofanydi erences with your vehicle, the actual con guration takes precedence.

This manual, and carefully follow the instructions to prevent injury or damage. The de nitions of these symbols are as follows: Items that must be observed Items that must be observed Indicates risks of accidents or information mayleadto injuries or property loss. should be avoided or should not

This manual aims to assist you in correctly using the product and does not include details about its con guration and software version. For information on these aspects, please refer to the product s brochure or consult the dealer from whom you purchased the product. MG operates a policy of constant product improvement and therefore reserves the

Right to change speci cations without notice atanytime. Whilst every eortis made o ensure complete accuracy of the information in this publication, no liabilities for inaccuracies or damage to property, or injury to persons, can be accepted bythein respect of personal injury caused by the negligence of the manufacturer or JSW

MG Authorised Repairer. Incaseyou require assistance or clari cations please visit nearest dealer or contact us at 24 hours Helpline at 1800 100 6464 or email us at: pulsehub mgmotor. co. inmaybe reproduced or transmitted inanyform orbyany means without prior written Know Your Electric Vehicle Safety Systems Starting Your EV

Interior Features Emergency Breakdown Know your Electric Vehicle Electric vehicle Know your electric vehicle l Main components l Safety of HV system l Emergency situation l Battery information l Common terminologies KnowyourElectricVehicle This vehicle runsona battery and uses electricity instead of

Gasoline like traditional cars. Please read this manual carefully before operates di erently. This vehicle is powered by electricity andhastwo batteries. One battery, located under the chassis, gives power to drive the vehicle. The other battery, a 12V car battery in the front compartment, powers instruments, lights, and control modules.

1. Charging the traction battery: The HV battery inthecar needs to be charged using household electricity or approved DC - DC chargers. Make sure all wires, sockets, and plugs can handle the professional electrician setupthe charging system. Itmustbe grounded correctly andhaveamain switch and safety device. orange cable inthecar carries

High voltage. Do not touch it. Pay on parts with high voltage. 3. Entering ready mode: When you open the door, the car switches to high-voltage mode. Steponthe brake pedal to start driving. 4. Using high-voltage mode: Once thecarisin high-voltage mode (doors open and car powered on), it mainly usestheHV battery. It

Can run lights and air conditioning foralongtime. The HV battery also charges the 12V battery. 5. Winter driving tips: In winter, the HV battery s performance decreases whenitscoldbut improves as it warms up. Totakecareofthe battery, avoid fast starts and driving fast for a long time in cold weather. Use the

Heater smartly, plan your trip well, and charge thecaron time. 6. Vehicle data collection: The equipment will retrieve vehicle data as speci edinGB T32960. 32016, including vehicle data, drive motor data, extreme value data, vehicle position data, alarm data, voltage data of rechargeable temperature data of rechargeable ELECTRIC VEHICLE

KnowyourElectricVehicle ELECTRIC VEHICLE energy storage device, and userde ned data. Ifwendany abnormal running data of your vehicle on the background server terminal equipment, our service personnel may contact you. At this time, we need your support and cooperation to eliminate possible hidden dangers in time

7. Safety during charging: It is forbidden to use false grounding equipment suchasthe grounding and resistance reduction module, which may cause potential safety hazards of electric shock during KnowyourElectricVehicle Safety of HV system a. HV component safety: Avoid touching exposed or damaged orange HV cables.

B. High-voltage system: Water The high-voltage system remains generally safeinthe following Water in the footwell after a rainstorm with the sunroof open. Vehicle partially submerged in water up to 300 mm. Leakage of liquids in the trunk. In these situations, there isnoriskof electric shock. However, there is a possibility of other damage to

The vehicle. Each HV component has a avoid electric shock, do not touch any EV components, HV cables other connectors. Do not touch any exposed or damaged orange HV cables, otherwise youmaybe exposed toariskof electric shock. Please read and follow electric shock. Do not touch any HV components or cables. MAIN COMPONENTS OF ELECTRIC VEHICLE

A. Low voltage component: The LV equipment operates at 12V and includes things like instruments, audio systems, lights, horns, and Switch o LV equipment when notinuseto avoid 12V battery drain. Main components b. High voltage component: HV equipment includes the drive motor, motor controller, traction battery pack, charging system, AC

Compressor, and heater. After you receive the vehicle, make sure to fully charge the HV battery to 100 before it drops below 30 tokeepitingood KnowyourElectricVehiclec. Avoid modi cations: Donottake disassemble or modify any electrical parts in the vehicle. Modifying them could lead to serious problems like short

Circuits, res, or burns. Improper execution ofthework poses a risk ofreand serious injury from electric shock caused bythehigh-voltage system. on the vehicle should only be service center. The high-voltage system in your vehicle is selfcontained, ensuring safety aslongasno unauthorized work is done on high-voltage electrical parts or

The chassis. Emergency situation a. Accident response: If there s an accident and you have time, turnothe vehicle s power, set the parking brake, turn on triangle, and leave the vehicle. service centre right away. If there snotime, like if there sareor strong burning smell, turnothe vehicle and activate the parking brake togetout.

B. Fire or smoke situation: Immediately turnothe power supply andgetothe vehicle. Ifthereis intensive or develops rapidly, stay away from the vehicle immediately and call 101. Ifthereisnot intensive, use a waterbased re extinguisher toputoutthereand keepasafe distance fromthere source. Battery information replacement

Ifyouneedto replace the HV battery, handle it carefully to avoid injury. According to Indian laws regulations, battery atanMG-designated recycling station. Disposing of these batteries improperly can environment people. Check the o icial website for recycling details. When the instrument cluster s power bar turns red, it means the

HV battery is low. Charge it promptly and avoid letting it charging again. This helps keep the battery working well. It is recommended to fully charge the battery at least once every two weeks when using the vehicle MAIN COMPONENTS OF ELECTRIC VEHICLE KnowyourElectricVehicleDonot alter the charging port or

Equipment. Doing so could lead to charging problems or even cause areormay lead to fatal injuries. Do not dismantle oropenthe lithium-ion traction battery pack without authorization. Incaseof accidents, professionals should notcutor impact the battery pack to avoid leaks, deformation, and potential injury.

Before storing the vehicle for an month), ensure the battery is charged to more than 50. After once a month. This involves fully charging the vehicle using AC slow charging, then discharging it to between 40 and 60 before parking again. Failure to maintain the battery as recommended could lead to vehicle issues caused by over-discharge, which

Maynotbe covered under Be extra cautious of pedestrians. Since the vehicle is quiet and doesn t make noise from the engine, pedestrians might not realize it s approaching, moving, or getting ready to move, and could accidentally step into its Common terminologies and abbreviations - Electric Vehicle HV battery - High Voltage battery

LV battery - Low Voltage (12V) - Alternating Current - Direct Current - On Board Charger - Power Distribution Unit - Vehicle Control Unit - Battery Management - On Board Diagnostics - State of Charge - Supplementary Restraint System - Child Restraint System - Driver Airbag - Passenger Airbag MAIN COMPONENTS OF ELECTRIC VEHICLE

KnowyourElectricVehicle - Anti-lock Braking - Electronic Brake Force Distribution - Electronic Stability - Passive Entry Passive - Electronic Column Steering Lock - Electric Power Assisted - Light Emitting Diode - Daytime Running Lamp - Outer Rear View Mirror - Inside Rear View Mirror EC-IRVM - Electric Chromic Inside Rear View Mirror

- Heating Ventilation and Air Conditioning - Fully Automatic Temperature Control - Driver Information - Distance to Empty - Accessory - Electronic Parking Brake (EPB) - Centre Positioning Light - Vehicle to Load - Vehicle to Vehicle MAIN COMPONENTS OF ELECTRIC VEHICLE Safety Systems Seats protective devices l Front seat l Rear seat l Head rest

LSeatbelt lUseof seat belts during pregnancy Child restraint system (CRS) l Types of child restraint system l Child seat xing device l Supplementary restraint system (SRS Airbags) l Airbag safety tips Brake system l Electronic brake force distribution (EBD) system l Electronic stability control (ESC) l Electronic parking brake (EPB)

L Automatic vehicle hold (AVH) l Electric power steering (EPS) l Emergency brake SafetySystems This section of the manual, along with others, contains crucial safety guidelines. a. Always use your seat belt It provides the best protection inanytypeof accident. Airbags are designed to complement seat belts, not to replace them.

Therefore, even though your vehicle has airbags, ALWAYS passengers wear your seat belts and wear them correctly. b. Secure all children All children under theageof 13 should ride in the back seat of your restrained. Infants and small children should be secured in an appropriate Child Restraint System. Older children

Should use a booster seatwithalap shoulder belt until they can safely use the seat belt alone, without the booster seat. Donotusea cushion that reduces friction between the seat and the passenger. The passenger shipsmay slide under the lap portion of the seat belt during an accident or a sudden stop. Serious or fatal internal injuries

Could result because the seat belt cannot operate properly. Adjusting the seats sothatyou comfortable position plays an important role for the safety of the driver and passengers, asmuchasseat belts andairbagswheninan accident. d. Airbag risks Though airbags canbelife-saving, they can also cause serious or

Fatal injuries to those whoaretoo close or not properly restrained. Infants, young children, and shorter adults are especially at risk. Adhere to all instructions manual regarding airbags. Adjusting the seats sothatyouare sitting inasafeand comfortable position plays an important role for the safety of the driver and

Passengers, asmuchasseat belts andairbagswheninan accident. e. Avoid driver distraction Driver distraction is a signi cant and potentially fatal hazard, particularly for inexperienced drivers. Always prioritize safety and be aware of distractions like drowsiness, reaching for objects, eating, grooming, interacting with

Other passengers, and using mobile phones. To minimize distraction: Set up mobile devices (e. g., navigation units) only when your vehicle is parked or Use mobile devices only when permitted bylawsandwhenitissafe. Never text or email while driving; many places have laws against texting and some also ban handheld Donotlet mobile device use

Distract you from driving. Itsyour responsibility to ensure that both hands remain on the wheel and your attention stays ontheroad. f. Maintain appropriate speed Driving at excessive speeds is a leading cause of accidents and injuries. Higher speeds increase theriskof severe consequences, although serious injuries can also

Occur at lower speeds. Always drive atasafe speed for the current conditions, regardless of posted speed limits. g. Ensure vehicle safety Tire blowouts or mechanical failures can be dangerous. To minimize these risks, regularly check your tire pressures and conditions, guidelines. SafetySystemsa. Front seat position

SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES SafetySystems When yousitonthe seat, make your hip as close to the backrest as possible. Adjust the distance between the seat and the pedal to make your leg slightly bend when you press the pedal. The passenger s seat shall slide as backward as possible. Make your shoulders leanonthe

Backrest as backward as possible. Set the backrest inclination angle to make your arm conveniently to reach the steering wheel while slightly bending the arm. Keep the shoulders leaning against the backrest while turning the steering wheel. The backrest shall not incline excessively backward. We suggest that the inclination angle of all

Backrests shall not be more than 25 The seat height shall besoset that the occupant canseeall directions and instruments. Theheadmustbeat least one hand away from the roof lining. The thighs are right ontheseat without constriction. When adjusting your seat, follow NEVER adjust the seat while the vehicle is moving. Unexpected

Movements could lead to losing control of the vehicle and causing an accident. Avoid placing anything under the front seats. Loose objects in the driver sfootarea might interfere with the foot pedals and cause an accident. Ensure nothing interferes with the seatback s normal position and proper locking. Do not place a cigarette lighter

Ontheooror seat. Operating the seat could cause gas to escape from the lighter and start a re. SafetySystems SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES Be careful when retrieving small objects trapped under the seats or between the seat and the center console. Sharp edges oftheseat mechanism could cut or injure your hands.

Passengers, adjust the front seat position carefully. After adjusting the seat, always ensure it is securely locked in place. Ifitsnot locked properly, the seat could unexpectedly move and cause an accident. Donttryto adjust your seat while you re wearing your seat belt. Moving the seat cushion pressure on your stomach.

Be careful nottolet your hands or ngers get caught intheseat mechanisms while theseatis Never leave children alone in the vehicle. The power seats can be moved even when the vehicle is turned To avoid damaging the seats: Always stop adjusting the seats once they ve been moved as far forward or backward astheycan

Avoid adjusting the seats for longer than needed when the vehicle is turned o to prevent unnecessary battery drain. Donottryto operate twoormore seats simultaneously as this SafetySystems SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES b. Seat position adjustment Electric adjustment type As shown in the figure, the electric

Adjustment switch isonthe outer side of the seat. Push the switch forward or backward, and the seat will move forward or backward accordingly. Release the switch when it reaches a proper position. Manual adjustment type You can adjust the front seat by using the levers located under the seat cushion. To adjust the seat forward or

Adjustment lever on the front lower partoftheseatto adjust the seat forward or backward, and release the lever after theseatis adjusted to a proper position. Try to slide the seat forward and backward to ensure that the seat is locked at a proper position. Before you start driving, adjust theseattothe right position so

That you can comfortably reach the steering wheel, foot pedals, and controls on the dashboard. If the seat does not move when the switch is turned, theseatmaybe already at its limit position, or the vehicle battery runs out. Please check for con rmation. Never turn the switch forcibly to avoid any c. Seat backrest adjustment

Electric adjustment type SafetySystems SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES As shown in the figure, turn the adjustment switch forward and backward, and the backrest will be backward depending on the vehicle con guration. Release the switch whenitis adjusted to a proper If the backrest does not move when the switch is turned, the

Backrest may be already at its limit position, or the vehicle battery runs out. Please check for con rmation. Never turn the switch forcibly to avoid any Manual adjustment type Pull up the handle near the seat inclination position; then, release the handle. After adjusting the seat backrest, try to shake the backrest to ensure that

The backrest is locked. The backrest plays an important protection role when the vehicle is running. Unlocked backrest may cause severe personal injuries incaseof sudden braking or a collision. Any time after adjusting the seat backrest, shake the backrest to check whether it is locked even though no passenger occupies the seat.

SafetySystems SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES Reclining the seatback: Sitting in a reclined position while the dangerous. Even ifyoure wearing your seat belt, reclining the e ectiveness of your seat belt and Never recline the seatback while the vehicle is in motion. Riding with a reclined seatback increases

Theriskof serious or fatal injuries in a crash or sudden stop. Drivers and passengers should always sit upright in their seats, properly restrained, with the seatbacks Seat belts needtot tightly across your hips and chest to work correctly. When the seatback is reclined, the shoulder belt cannot properly secure your chest it

Maysitin front of you instead. In an accident, this could cause youtobe thrown into the seat belt, potentially causing neck or other The more the seatback is reclined, the higher the risk that the passenger s hips could slide under thelapbeltorthe passenger s neck could hit the shoulder belt. d. Seat height adjustment

Electric adjustment type As shown in the figure, rotate the height adjustment switch on the outer side of the seat cushion, and then release the switch after theseatis adjusted to proper height. Manual adjustment type Turn the handle on the outer side of the seat upward and downward until theseatis adjusted to the desired

Height. While adjusting the seat height, the seat must be loaded. Therefore, please sitonthe seat before adjustment; otherwise the adjustment device may be damaged. Here are simpler instructions for handling the rear seatback: Whenyoure putting the rear seatback back up from being folded, holditandmoveit slowly.

Make sure it locks into place by pushing down onthetopofthe seatback. Ifitsnot locked during a sudden stop or accident, things intheback could move forward very fast and hurt people inside When folding the seatback, gently press against itorthe headrest to control howfastit folds. Ifyoudont press, it might

Fold down suddenly and hurt someone when you pull the lever. Do not allow your hands or ngers mechanisms whilst adjusting theSafetySystems SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES Tokeepthe vehicle safe: Before you fold the seatback, put the seat belt buckle in the holder between the seatback and cushion. Also, guide the seat belt strap into its

Place to protect it from getting a. Backrest adjustment and folding To adjust the seat forward or 1. Lift and hold the seat adjustment 2. Slide theseatto where youwantit. 3. Letgoofthe lever and check that the seat is securely locked inDonotputany article or luggage higher than the rear seat on the seat. Nooneis allowed tositona

Seat with backrest folded when the vehicle is running. The area for passenger is separated from the area for luggage. In an emergency brake or other accident, passenger sitting onaseatwith backrest folded may be thrown out from the vehicle. This may result in serious personal injury or even SafetySystems SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES

Ensure that each seat is locked before driving. Do not operate the seat release handle when the vehicle is running. Otherwise, the passenger maybeb. Adjust the seatback angle Front and rear seat position and backrest angle when measuring the seat cushion depth. For measurement oftheseat cushion thickness, the seat canbeinany

The seat backrest angle state is 25 degrees backward in the vertical 1. Pullupthe seatback recline lever. 2. Hold the lever and move the 3. Release the lever and ensure the seatback is securely locked in place. The lever should return to its original position for the seatback to be locked. You can fold the seatbacks using You

Can fold down the rear seats tomakeit easier to carry long items or to create more space for luggage intheHereare simpler instructions: Never let anyone sitona folded seatback while the vehicle is moving. Itsnot safe because there arenoseat belts there. In an accident or sudden stop, this could cause serious injury or

Items on a folded seatback should not stick up higher than the front seats. Iftheydo, they might slide forward and hurt someone or cause damage if there sa sudden stop. These headrests are not just for comfort; they are also meant to protect passengers from neck and spine injuries like whiplash during accidents, especially if the vehicle

Ishitfrom behind. Tostaysafeincaseofan accident, follow these steps when adjusting your headrests: Adjust the headrests correctly for all passengers before driving. Never allow anyone tositina seat without a headrest orwiththe headrest turned around. Head rest height adjustment To adjust the headrest upward, pull

The headrest upward to a proper position andxit. To remove the headrest, press and hold the release switch. To adjust the headrest downward, press and hold the headrest downward to a proper position, release the release switch for xation. Do not press the headrest forcibly to avoid injuring thengeronthe release switch.

The front and rear seats of the vehicle have headrests thatcanbe adjusted. SafetySystems SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES Incaseof accidents, seat belts can provide good protection and that they must be used during driving is stipulated by regulations. The seat belt is primarily designed for adult body sizes and is suitable for

Passengers with a height greater than centimeters exceeding 36 kilograms. For children under 12 years old, please choose an appropriate child restraint system based on the child s size. Please check all parts of the seat belt system foranywearor damage or abnormal function regularly. Please replace the damaged parts and components.

Recommended to have the seat belt or service center after an accident. a. Load limiter It is equipped on the front seat belt. The force limiter can reduce the stress applied onthebody through the seat belt damping release incaseofa collision accident. Improper operation (for example removal or installation of seat

Belt or seat belt anchor buckle) tensioner, leading to injury risks. All passengers shall always fasten their seat belts before driving, and must wear seat belts under any circumstances during driving. In the event of an accident, passengers whodonot wear ordonot wear seat belts correctly maysuer serious injuries or deaths.

SafetySystems SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES 1. The seat belt shall not be buckled against ahardor fragile object in your pocket. Otherwise, the hard object will hurt youandthe fragile object may be damaged incaseof emergencies. 2. Each seat belt can only be used by one person. Do not allow multiple occupants (including

Children) to share one seat belt. 3. Do not allow a child tositonthe passenger s lap, which cannot be fully protected. 4. Iftheseat backrest is tilting backwards too much when the seat belt is used, the protection eectwillbe reduced greatly when the accident occurs. 5. Do not replace, disassemble, assemble or modify the seat

Belt without permit. Itisnot allowed toaddany accessory or other object that may interference with the operation of the seat belt. 1. Keep the seat belt retracted and unlocked when itisnot used for a long time. Do not allow any seat belt or its buckle or tongue to be clamped byadoor; otherwise, 2. The seat belt adapts to the

Human body through the emergency locking retractor. It will tighten automatically and naturally tthebody after locking. Please contact the center for inspection ifitistoo 3. The seat belt must be kept clean. Rough dirt will hinder the function of the automatic retracting device of the seat belt. Itcanbe wiped with a

Wet cloth without removal or replacement. Pay attention to prevent foreign matters from getting in the seat belt buckle (such as sun ower seed shell and button); otherwise the seat belt buckle will fail. SafetySystems SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES 1. Pull out the seat belt from the retractor and guide it around the

Shoulder belt shall span the whole shoulder obliquely, but shall not touch the neck or slip from the shoulder. The lap belt shall span thehipaslowas possible. 2. Inserting the latch plate forward (reverse insertion of the latch plate will cause the seat belt to twist, andcutor even endanger lifeincaseof collision). Insert itintothe

Buckle of the seat pair until a click locking sound is heard, andthenpullitto check whether the locking is reliable. Pull the shoulder belt forcibly to adjust the tightness degree of crotch strap. The occupants canmoveina small range when the vehicle stably runs, and the seat belt can be pulled out or retracted with the

Slow movement of the occupants. Loose or heavy clothing will hamper close wearing the seat belt. Do not place any object (such as handbag and mobile phone) between the seat belt and your body. SafetySystems SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES Ifyouneedto release the seat belt, press the red button on the buckle, and the tongue will automatically

Automatically will retract. The seat belt is locked due to retracting or pulling out too fast, anditcanbe smoothly pulled out by loosening theUseof seat belts during The seat belt provides protection for everybody, including a pregnant woman. Like all passengers, if pregnant women do not wear the seat belt, severe personal injuries

Are more likely to be caused to them. The pregnant woman shall wear the hip shoulder seat belt during the whole pregnancy, andthehip belt shall be fastened aslowas possible. Thebestwayto protect a fetus is to provide safety protection to its mother. Iftheseatbeltis fastened correctly, the fetus is not vulnerable

To injury incaseofa collision. For a pregnant woman or any person, correct wearing isthekeyto exerting the best protection eectofthe seat SafetySystems SEATS AND PROTECTIVE DEVICES The crotch belt shall be placed aslowas possible to go across the hip, soasto avoid force onSafetySystems Child restraint system (CRS)

The vehicle is not equipped with a child seat. Ifyouneedone, a child seat that is applicable to ISOFIX general typecanbe selected. Child seat can only be placed on the 2nd row seat, because the front seatisnot equipped with an anchor bracket. The statistical data of accidents show that placing the child seatonthe

Second row seat can largely improve the child safety. A young child shall always use the child seat. Never hold a baby in your arms while riding in the vehicle. Never allow a child to stand or kneel onaseat orinthe luggage compartment when the vehicle is running. Anunxed child seatmaybe thrown outofthe vehicle incaseof

A collision or emergency stop, causing personal injuries to the driver and passengers. Besureto properly secure the child seat even when itisnotinuse. CHILD RESTRAINT SYSTEM If the child seat isputina closed compartment in hot weather, its temperature will be very high. Make temperature is not very high before

Putting a child intheseat. If the child is too small and the seat belt cannot provide the best protection forhimher, please make sure that a proper child seatisusedto provide safety protection. The size and con guration range of the child seat is very wide. Not all child seats are applicable to your vehicle duetothe interior trim as

Well as the seat shape and size. You have responsibility to ensure that the child seat installed matches with your vehicle and that the seat can be connected correctly to the vehicle with its anchor system. If the child seat does not match with your vehicle size and the child body figure or the connection to your

Personal injuries will be caused to the child and other passengers in the vehicle incaseofa collision. CHILD RESTRAINT SYSTEM SafetySystems Types of child restraint system According to GB27887-2011, the child restraint system can be classi ed into 5 groups below: Group 0: for children weighing less than 10 kg.

Group 0: for children weighing less than 13 kg. Group I: for child weighting more than 9 kg and less than 18 kg. Group II: for child weighting more than 15 kg and less than 25 kg. Group III: for child weighting more than 22 kg and less than 36 kg. Please select a suitable child seat according to the child weight and body figure.

For infants under one year old, their bones are very fragile, and a backward-facing child seat shall be Applicability of di erent riding positions to child restraint system Quality Group Seat (or Other Positions) Left Right rear Rear-row middle Middle-row side center seat Group 0: 10kg Group 0: 13kg Group I: 9kg 18kg Group II: 15kg 25kg

Group III: 22kg 36kg Note: Meanings of letters in the table are as follows: you - applicable to universal child restraint system certi ed under this mass group. UF - Applicable to the forward-facing universal child restraint system approved by this quality group.

L - applicable to special child restraint systems included inthelist. Such restraint systems maybe for special, restricted or semi-general vehicles. B - applicable to built-in child restraint system approved for this mass group. X - Theseatisnot suitable for child restraint systems under this mass group. SafetySystems

CHILD RESTRAINT SYSTEM Seat (or Other Positions) middle seat center seat Note 1: For child restraint systems not marked according toISOsize class (AG), vehicle manufacturers shall specify the vehicle-speci c ISOFIX child restraint system recommended for each seat. Note 2: Meanings of letters in the table are as follows:

IUF - Theseatis suitable for universal ISOFIX forward-facing child restraint systems approved forusein this mass IL - Applicable to special ISOFIX child restraint systems onthelist. Such restraint systems maybe for special, restricted or semi-general vehicles.

X - The ISOFIX position is not applicable to ISOFIX child restraint systems under this mass group andorsize class. Information on suitability of di erent ISOFIX positions for ISOFIX child restraint system SafetySystems CHILD RESTRAINT SYSTEM Child seat xing device There isasetof xing device oneachofthe right and left sides of the

Second row seat. Toxthe child seat: 1. The lower anchorage of child seat xing device isonthe joint between the rear row left and right seat backrest and the seat cushion back. Its position can be identi ed through the label on the lower edgeofthe backrest. 2. Clear up the objects ontheseat. Note to remove the seat belt and

Seat belt buckle to avoid a ecting accurate xingofthe child seat. 3. Put the child seatonthe second 4.: Child seat clamp, lower xing point; connect thexedhookonthe child seat with the vehicle s xed device. Operate according to the child seat instructions. SafetySystems CHILD RESTRAINT SYSTEM 5. Connect the upper strap of the

Child seattothe corresponding xing point of the vehicle. Refer to the child seat instructions togetto know when andhowto strain the upper strap. As shown, the upper anchorage of child seat xing device is located behind the rear seat backrest. 6. Push and pull the child seatinall directions tomakesureitis safely

7. Make sure that the child seat temperature is not very high before putting a child intheseat. Incaseofa serious collision accident, the child seat xing device may be damaged. Some parts may require repair and replacement. Please check the child seat xing device after a collision. SafetySystems CHILD RESTRAINT SYSTEM

Supplementary Restraint System (SRS Airbags) 1. Driver frontal airbag. 2. Front passenger frontal air bag. 3. Front side airbag. (If equipped) 4. Roofrail airbags (If equipped) For all airbags, the letter AIRBAG is marked onthetrim panel or the label near the opening where they are deployed. For frontal air bags, the

Letter AIRBAG for the driver is located in the middle of the steering wheel, and that for the front instrument panel. For lateral-impact air bags, the letter AIRBAG is located on the backrest side, near to the door. The letter AIRBAG for side curtain airbag is located ontheroof lining or trim panel. The cars have air bags for the driver

And front passenger seats. These air bags help the seat belts protect you. Always wear your seat belt when driving. The front air bags are designed to supplement the threepoint seat belts. For these airbagsto provide protection, the seat belts must be always worn when driving. Youcanbe severely injured or killed

In an accident ifyouarenot wearing aseatbelt. Air bags are designed to supplement seat belts, butdonot replace them. Airbags are not designed to deploy in every collision. In some accidents, the seat belts are the only restraint protecting you. SRS - AIRBAGS SafetySystems Airbag layout Airbag safety tips Always wear seat belts and use

Child Restraint Systems on every trip. Even with air bags, youcanget seriously hurt or killed in a crash ifyourenot properly belted or wearing your seat belt when theairbagin ates. Never put a child in a Child Restraint System or booster seatinthe front passenger seat unless theairbagis turned o. An in ating air

Bag could hit the child and cause serious or fatal injuries. ABC - Always Buckle Children under age 13 in the back seat. Itsthe safest place for kids ofanyage. If a child age 13 or older must sitinthe front seat, make sure they re properly belted and move the seat as far back asitcango. All passengers should sit

Upright with their seat belt on, feet ontheoor, until the vehicle is parked and turned o. If someone isntinthe right position during a crash, theairbag could hit them hard and cause serious injuries. You and your passengers should avoid sitting too close toairbagsor leaning against thedooror centre Move your seat back asfaras

Possible from front air bags while still being able to control the vehicle. Airbag position marking: As shown in the Figure A above, the driver frontal airbag is located in the middle of the steering wheel. Your vehicle is equipped with a Supplemental Restraint System (SRS) and lap shoulder belts atboththe driver and passenger seating positions.

SafetySystemsSRS - AIRBAGS As shown in the Figure B above, the front passenger frontal airbag is located in the passenger s side instrument panel. As shown in the Figure C, the front seat side airbag is installed on the backrest side near to the door As shown in the Figure D, the side curtain airbag is installed attheside

Wall and roof joint, ontheroof lining When shall the airbag beinated? The frontal airbag is designed tobein ated in moderate to severe headon collision or almost head-on collision to reduce severe injury risks passenger sheadand chest. Frontal airbag in ation is not primarily dependent on the speed of the vehicle, butonthe object being

Collided with, the direction of the collision and the deceleration of the vehicle per unit time during the collision. The frontal airbag maybein atedatdi erent collision speed. It depends on whether the vehicle hits the object straight oratan angle at the moment of the collision, and on whether the collided object is

Xed or moving, nondeformable or deformable, narrow or wide. Duetodi erent designs of each model, the collision in ation conditions of the frontal airbag may vary. Frontal airbags donotinateinthe event of a vehicle rollover, a rear collision and many side collisions. The frontal airbag maynotinatein slight head-

On or nearly head-on collisions, collisions, collisions to cylindrical objects (such as telegraph pole and tree trunk), rear-end collisions under large vehicle (trucks, etc.) breast board and lateral glancing collisions. Asperthe design, the seat lateralimpact airbag and the side curtain airbag willinate according to the

Impact position incaseofthe moderate to severe lateral collisions. The seat lateral-impact airbag and the side curtain airbag willnotbe collisions, nearly head-on collisions, collisions. The seat lateral-impact airbag and the side curtain airbag maynotinatein slight side collisions and lateral-frontal or diagonal collisions. Asperthe

Design, the seat lateral-impact airbag and the side curtain airbag will inateonthe collision sideofthe vehicle. Airbags are not triggered inSafetySystemsSRS - AIRBAGS every collision. For a particular accident, it shall not simply judge whether the airbag should beinated according to the causalities, vehicle damage or repair and

Is equipped with a collision sensing and diagnosis module. If a collision accident reaches certain strength, the module may record relevant information collision. Ifyouhaveany questions about the airbag working condition of your vehicle in a collision accident, please contact theJSWMG authorised service center in time professional

Howisthe airbag in ated? During in ation, the sensing system sends an electronic signal that triggers the gas generator to release gastollthe airbag, causing the airbag toinateand eject from the cover. The gas generator, airbag and relevant members are all components of the airbag module. Please refer to Airbag Position for details.

How does the airbag provide protection? The airbags supplement the protection provided bytheseat belts by distributing the impact collisions where the occupant sbodyisnot moving in the direction of the airbag, and in collisions where an external object has entered the vehicle, the airbag is unable to provide the appropriate protection.

The airbag shall onlybeseenasa supplementary device to the seat When the airbag isinated, dustmaybe spread intheair. All persons in the vehicle shall getothe vehicle assoonas possible. Ifyouhavea breathing problem and cannot getothe vehicle after airbag in ation, open the windows or doors to get fresh air. If breathing

Problems occur after the airbag isinated, you should seek medical attention assoonas possible. SafetySystemsSRS - AIRBAGS What will you see after the airbag in ates? When the airbag isinated, it will deateso quickly that some people may not even notice that the airbag has been in ated because itdeatessofast. Smoke and dust

Mayalsobe emitted from the de ated airbag vent. If the vehicle power supply system can still work normally after a collision, the vehicle has the functions of automatically unlocking doors, turning on hazard system after airbag in ation. The corresponding function switch to lock doors, turn o indoors lamps andturnothe

Deployment of the front passenger airbagmay also cause damage An airbag is designed toinate only once. After the airbag isinated, some parts of the airbag system needtobe replaced. Otherwise, the airbag system will be unable to provide protection inthenext collision accident. The airbag system parts that shall be replaced

Include the airbag module, airbag control module, seat belt pretensioner and other parts. Work related totheSRScan only Service Center technicians with corresponding quali cation. function normally. Please drive Service Center for repair and replacement of airbag system: The airbag system must be technicians. airbag system tofailto function

Normally. Please gototheJSWMG authorised Service Center the airbag system. SafetySystemsSRS - AIRBAGS Hitting the shoulder, edge of pavement or hard surface if the airbag cover is damaged, opened or broken, the airbag may not function normally. It shall be repaired assoonas possible. Never stick or cover any object on

The airbag cover surface orretthe airbag cover; never try to repair, adjust or remove or install any airbag system component; never trytoretthe front bumper of the vehicle body by yourself. Other situations where the airbag maybein ated (deployed) except for a collision The airbags may also inateifthe underside of the

Vehicle suersa severe impact. Refer to the following examples. The Frontal airbag maynotbein atedinthe following collisions: The airbags may also inateifthe underside of the vehicle suersa severe impact. Refer to the following Fall into or drive intoadeeppit Wheel hard landing or vehicle fall SafetySystemsSRS - AIRBAGS

The Frontal airbag maynotbein atedinthe following collisions The frontal airbag is generally notinatedinthe event ofaside collision, rear-end collision, rollover or low-speed frontal collision. No matter what kind of collision, only su icient forward deceleration, will the frontal airbag beinated. Head-on collision angle over 30

From vehicle longitudinal direction Overturn, falling from high place, Hit deformable objects, such as sandpile, guard bar, column andSafetySystemsSRS - AIRBAGS Hit into front vehicle bottom, especially truck bottom Side Airbag Side Curtain Airbag (If Equipped) maynotbein atedinthe following collisions

The side airbag side curtain airbag system maynotbe activated if the vehicle suersa lateral collision at a certain angle orifthe side ofthenon-occupant compartment is hit. Vehicle body side (not passenger compartment) collision O -vertical side collision SafetySystemsSRS - AIRBAGS The side airbags side curtain

Airbag do not normally inateinthe event of a frontal collision, rear-end collision, rollover or lowspeed side impact. Frontal collision Rear-end collision Overturn, falling from high place, Side collision to truck during SafetySystemsSRS - AIRBAGS On the instrument panel, there is an airbag indicator which displays the

Airbag shape symbol. The system will check whether the airbag circuit system has a fault and give corresponding prompt through the indicator. The indicator will light upincaseof airbag system fault. Itmustbe inspected and repaired assoonas possible. Refer to the Section Instruments and controls for detailed information. SafetySystems

Backward child restraint device mustnotbeusedon seats protected by a frontal airbag (in the activated state) SRS - AIRBAGS EBD watches and manages how hard the brakes press ontheback wheels to make driving safer when you brake. It adjusts the brake pressure sothatthe front and back wheels work together tostopthecar

Quickly andkeepit steady. Thisisdoneby reducing the pressure ontherear wheels when needed. the EBD system uses the high-speed computer to respectively induce and calculate di erent ground to which four tires are attached, and thus calculate di erent friction values at the moment the vehicle brakes. Therefore, four tires canbeableto

Brake in di erent ways and force based on di erent conditions, and movement, soasto ensure that the vehicle is stable and safe. Electronic brake force distribution (EBD) system illuminates after the ignition switch is turned onandit goes out several seconds later (ifthepark brake has been released). This indicates that

Also illuminates when the parking brake engages. The indicator goes out after the park brake is released. Please do fully starting the vehicle. illuminates after the park brake is fully released, it indicates possibility that the brake uid level intheuid reservoir istooloworanEBD system fault has occurred. BRAKE SYSTEM SafetySystems

In this case, please operate in the following steps: 1. Carefully drive the vehicle o the lane and then stop the vehicle. 2. Check the brake uid level. 3. Add the recommended brake uid until the uid level reaches MAX (highest) mark. Refer to Adding Brake Fluid. Please do not drive the vehicle lamp has illuminated.

This indicates that the brake may not work normally. Driving the vehicle with a brake fault canleadtoa collision, causing personal injuries and damage to the vehicle or other properties as a result. SafetySystems BRAKE SYSTEM circumstances, recommended vehicle atasafe speed to the Service Center to inspect the brake andconrm that:

You discovered the brake system leakage. lamp keeps illuminated. The Electronic Stability Control (ESC) system is an advanced safety feature that builds on the functions ofABSandTCS. It includes sensors like the yaw rate sensor, lateral acceleration sensor, and steering wheel angle sensor. These sensors help monitor and control the driving

And braking forces of all wheelsfront, rear, left, and right-through a computer (ECU). This ensures the vehicle stays stable during turns and manoeuvres. If the driver pushes the limits, especially during high-speed turns, the ESC system steps in automatically to regain control and keep the vehicle safe. Indicators relevant totheESC

System consist ofABSMIL, EBD MIL, ESCMILandESCOFF indicator. 1) Indicators illuminate for selfinspect when the instrument is turned on. The 4 indicators are normally on for 3s, indicating that the ESC system is conducting self-inspect and indicators work normally. The 4 indicators go out Electronic stability control

When faults (such as neglected installation, loosened connector, abnormal CAN communication) exist ontheESC system, only theESCOFF lamp will go out 3s later, and the other 3 lamps are normally 2) In the process of driving, iftheESC function is activated, the ESC lamp will icker, telling the user that the ESC system is

Working. IftheESC system functions are abnormal buttheABSEBD system functions are normal, theESClampis normally on, indicating that the ESC system gets faulted. IftheESC system andtheABS function are abnormal andtheEBD system functions are normal, the ESC lamp andtheABS lamp are normally on. 3) TheESCOFF lampisusedto

Indicate that the ESC function is disabled (the lamp will be normally onsolong astheESC function is disabled; the lamp will gooutifthe function is enabled). SafetySystems BRAKE SYSTEM Iftheuser disables the ESC, some ESC functions will be disabled, andtheESCOFF lamp will illuminate. IfESCis working

When itistobe disabled, the ESC function willnotbe disabled immediately andwillbe disabled after the work is over. Iftheuser enables the ESC again, all 4) Each time the vehicle is started, the ESC system will be activated automatically. After you start the vehicle, the light on the indicator will turn onfora

Short time and then turn o. This shows that the indicator is working correctly. While you are driving, iftheESC turns on, its light will blink toletyou know the system is active. ButiftheESC light stays on without blinking, it means there is a problem with the system. Electronic stability control (ESC) (ESC) system isanew safety feature

In vehicles. It builds ontheAnti-lock Brake System (ABS) and Traction Control System (TCS). ESCusesa computer to manage how each wheel moves when you drive or brake, keeping the vehicle stable on turns. ESC is always on by default. Ifyouneedtoturnito, youcandosointhe vehicle settings under Menu-

Vehicle settings - Driving - Electronic Stability Control on the dashboard. When ESCiso, theESCOFF light on the dashboard willbeon. ToturnESCbackon, youcandoit from the same screen where you turned it o, and the light willturno. SafetySystems BRAKE SYSTEM Normally, itsnot recommended to

TurnoESC. It should only be turned o temporarily if your vehicle is stuck inmudor driving on very slippery surfaces like snow. When you start the vehicle, a light willbrieyturnonandthengoo, showing that everything is working correctly. The electronic stability control (ESC) is always onwhenyou

Start the car. Ifyouneedtoturnito, youcando thisinthe vehicle settings under Menu - Vehicle Stability Control on the dashboard. When ESCiso, theESCOFF light on the dashboard willbeon. ToturnESCbackon, youcandoit from the same screen where you turned it o, and the light willturno. It s usually

Best not to turn otheESC system. Onlyturnito temporarily if your vehicle is stuck or climbing outofadi icult situation. EPBisusedto engage disengage parking brake electronically using the EPB switch. electronic handbrake is located on the right sideofthe driver s knee. EPB is applied automatically when

The lever is shifted to P (Park). At the indicator on the instrument will light up, and the parking is completed. Electronic parking brake (EPB) When shifting from D (Drive) to R (Reverse), the brake pedal must be pressed. Depress the brake pedal when shifting from RtoD. Ensure that the vehicle speed is below 6 kmhfora successful gear shift.

SafetySystems BRAKE SYSTEM Normally, itisnot recommended to disable the ESC system. a. Application To manually apply the parking brake, rst depress the brake pedal tostopthe vehicle, and then pull uptheEPB switch. The EPB working indicator on the instrument will illuminate. After the instrument displays Parking

Brake Applied, release the switch. Atthetime, the EPB system brake will be clamped toparkthe vehicle in To release the parking brake, shift to gear PorN (in READY state) and depress the accelerator pedal to automatically release the parking brake; or depress the brake pedal and press the EPB switch to release

The parking brake. The EPB working indicator on the instrument goes out, and the instrument displays parking Application Release of parking brake released, reminding you of parking brake released. When you open the driver side door in the motionless state, the vehicle will automatically apply parking brake, andyoudonot havetopullup

The EPB switch. vehicle cleaning, youmayneedto clamping function soasto make it possible tomovethe vehicle after exiting READY state. Deactivation method: Depress the brake pedal and hold the EPB switch pressed. The EPB light whengoon deactivation. SafetySystems BRAKE SYSTEM Illustration be Electronic parking brake (EPB)

Orking ndicator The Electronic parking brake (EPB) working indicator illuminates as the electronic parking brake is pulled up. This indicates that the vehicle isina parking state. This indicator goes outasthe electronic parking brake is released. This indicates that the vehicle isoutofthe parking state. This indicator keeps illuminated as

Longasthe electronic parking brake engages rmly. Automatic vehicle hold (AVH) After activating the function, the driver presses the brake pedal tostopthe vehicle, or presses it while the vehicle is stationary with the engine idling. When the brake pedal is released, hydraulic pressure in the brake system is maintained to keep

The vehicle parked where it is. There snoneedto manually engage the Electronic Parking Brake (EPB) for parking in this situation. AVH switch (Auto Hold) The automatic parking function issettothe default open state andcanbe turned onointhecar Menu - Vehicle settings - Driving - Auto SafetySystems BRAKE SYSTEM

Automatic vehicle hold (AVH) working indicator After the vehicle is powered on, the AVH working indicator illuminates forafew seconds and then goes out. This indicates that the indicator can work This indicator illuminates when the automatic vehicle hold function works and the vehicle is being parked. It goes outasthe vehicle getsoutof

The parking state. SafetySystems BRAKE SYSTEM AVH conditions AVH shall be activated rstly): 1. The vehicle is stationary andinthe READY state. 2. T he brake pedal is depressed to a degree (brake hydraulic pressure 3. Ensure that the driver sseatbeltis buckled and the driver ssidedoor automatically, ifyouneedto start the

Accelerator pedal. When the vehicle reaches the starting condition, the parking brake will be released automatically. Electric power steering The EPS system provides steering assistance for the vehicle. This steering uid, which brings great convenience for the daily vehicle When the power supply is turned on, illuminates

Does notgooutor illuminates when the vehicle is running, indicating that there is a fault intheEPS system. Incaseofsuch condition, there is a Service Center for check in time. When the EPS system is under extreme conditions of high load work for a long time (For example, the steering wheel is turned totheend

Foralongtime, or the vehicle is moved into the garage atalow speed repeatedly toawide angle), the time you have to steer the wheel with great force. Ifyouneedto restore normal power assistance, you can steer the wheel at a smaller angle or increase the speed. You can restart the vehicle if necessary. Automatic vehicle hold (AVH) fault

After the vehicle is powered on, ifthefor several seconds and then goes and AVH function module workIncaseofan automatic vehicle hold lamp fault, itwillbe indicated inanyofthe following ways: When the power supply is on, the lamp remains o. After lighting up, itdoesnotgokeep illuminated during driving Once

The automatic vehicle hold (AVH) fault abnormalities, please contact theSafetySystems BRAKE SYSTEM When the vehicle is powered on, the instantaneously. It indicates that the system is conducting selfinspection several seconds later. When the electronic power steering (EPS) lamp will give out an indication. When

The steering system has a fault, the vehicle can still steer, but requires much greater e ort. Incaseofthe following circumstances, please authorised service center. This lamp does not illuminate when the vehicle is powered on. After lighting up, it does notgoout. keep illuminated during indicate that the electronic power

Steering column cannot work normally. Ifyoufailtokeepthe steering column in an agreeable working condition, collision may happen andasa result, personal injuries, and damage to the vehicle or other properties can occur. The EPS system will adjust the power assistance according to the vehicle speed. As a result, the

Steering wheel can beturned easily at low speed and be turned relatively steadily at high speed. SafetySystems BRAKE SYSTEM Emergency brake Incaseofan emergency requiring rapid deceleration when the braking eectis insu icient, youcanpullupthe electronic parking brake switch assistance. To activate the emergency brake

Function, release the electronic handbrake switch to cancel the emergency brake function. Donotusethe emergency brake non-emergency situations. This function is for emergency only and will wear the brake disc and brake caliper. SafetySystems BRAKE SYSTEM Shifting to P (Park) while the vehicle is in motion may cause

Youtolose control of the vehicle. After the vehicle has stopped, always make sure the vehicle isinP (Park), apply the parking brake, and turn the vehicle o. When parking on an incline, shift thegeartoP (Park) and apply the parking brake to prevent the vehicle from rolling downhill. Starting your EV Before driving your EV

L Trial runofnew vehicle l Basic operations l Charging speci cation l Instructions to follow Driving your EVlPre-driving safety check l Driving tips Opening closing l Anti-theft device immobilizer PEPS l Remote controller w Passive unlock lock of tailgate w Engine hood w Charging ap l Exterior rearview mirror l Inside rearview mirror

L Sun visor l Vanity mirror l Assist armrest l Front windshield wiper Driving control l Vehicle control l Cruise control system l Electronic shifter l ADAS: Advanced driver assistance system w Advanced cruise control w BCA: Bend cruise assist w IDA: Intelligent driving assist w Safety distance alarm w Forward collision system

W AFL: Adaptive front-lighting Starting your EVStartingyourEV BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV Trial runofnew vehicle During the rst 500 kilometers of driving a new vehicle, follow these steps to enhance performance, improve drive range e iciency, and prolong the vehicle s lifespan: 1. Avoid making sudden stops unless itsan emergency. This

Helps the brakes settle in better. 2. Trynotto accelerate rapidly or drive at high speeds to prevent motor damage and conserve 3. Donottow another vehicle with your vehicle during this period. After unlocking the vehicle, open the driver ssidedoor. The instrument panel will activate, and the vehicle will enter the HV state. In HV state, all

Hybrid circuits are active, allowing you to engage the gear for driving andtheAC system can provide cooling while in HV state. StartingyourEV Basic operations Before you start your EV Make sure that the area around the vehicle is clear. Do a check oftheuid levels - frequently as possible. Make sure that all windows and lights are clean.

Examine the tires for their appearance, in ation pressure and condition. Make sure that all doors are Position the seat and adjust the Adjust the inside and outside Fasten seat belts andaskall passengers to do likewise. Do a check of the operation of power switch is pushed totheON position. For additional lamps and audible reminders in

The Dashboard and Features section of this manual. BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV Procedure to start EV 1. With the smart keysitinthe driver s seat (if equipped), vehicle will automatically switch to HV 2. Fasten the seat belt before you start the vehicle. 3. Turnoall electrical devices. 4. Make sure to engage the parking brake for your safety.

5. Make sure the accelerator and brake pedal have clearance with your right foot. 6. Press the brake pedal to enter the vehicle to operate in gear. The READY state is similar to the starting state of an internal combustion engine vehicle. 7. The vehicle will getONinP mode only and it will be automatically selected.

8. When Ready message appears, you can drive the vehicle. Else, you cannot drive the vehicle. Start the vehicle again. 9. Shift to the desired position (DR). 10. Release the parking brake and slowly release the brake pedal. Seeifthe vehicle slowly moves accelerator pedal. StartingyourEVIftheEPBis disengaged required mode (DR), release

The brake pedal slowly tomovethe vehicle forward with creep activated condition. Further Accelerator pedal input to be given for achieving required speed. BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV When the Ready indicator is illuminated and the gear shifter isnotinthe Neutral (N) position, the driver may inadvertently press the accelerator

Unexpected vehicle movement. Range ofyourEVYourEVcan drive as per given range in below table, when the high voltage battery is 100 per cent charged. However, in certain situations like driving at high speed orwhentheair conditioner heater distance to empty can reduce signi cantly, asthehigh voltage battery consumes more electricity.

The vehicle must always beputinN when you stop the vehicle before engaging the park brake. Procedure tostopEV 1. Hold down the brake pedal while the vehicle is parked. 2. While pressing the brake pedal, shift toPmode using the gear knob to engage the parking brake. Battery State Battery Spec The range is estimated for the

Reference of the driver and passengers only. The actual endurance mileage is related to various factors such as current road conditions (suchasalong steep slope), driving habits (such as frequent acceleration and deceleration), temperature (suchaslow temperature), and whether electrical equipment (suchasTipstoget maximum range while

1. If safe todoso, modulate the accelerator pedal instead of using the brake pedal when Whenever the vehicle is moving andyouarenot pressing the accelerator pedal, regenerative braking slows down the vehicle and feeds surplus energy back totheHV battery. 2. Limit theuseof resources such as heating, and air conditioning. conditioner heater

Duration, it will use too much electricity from HV battery. StartingyourEV BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV Turn of the heater and air conditioner ifyoudonot need system toheatthe cabin when the outside temperature is below 0 Cusesmore electricity andaects vehicle range more than when using the heater when the temperature is above

4. Press and hold the accelerator pedal to maintain speed and drive economically. 5. Gradually press and release the accelerator accelerating or decelerating. unnecessary electrical components while 7. Donotload unnecessary items additional load inthecar drains the battery. Donotadd more accessories, do not keep dead

Weight inthecar, and in general travel as light as possible. 8. Do not mount parts on the exterior ofthecarasit might increase drag. 9. Service schedule should be adhered to. Fluid levels should be maintained within tolerance limits. Both of these also helps in realizing the maximum range potential of an electric vehicle

10. To optimize driving range use drive eco mode and maintain the recommended tyre pressure. 11. Drive inECOmode 12. ECO mode helps reduce power consumption acceleration when compared tothesame accelerator pedal position intheD (Drive) position. 13. Drive at a constant speed. Maintain cruising speeds with constant accelerator positions

Asmuchas possible. 14. Accelerate slowly and smoothly. Gently press and release the accelerator acceleration and deceleration. 15. Vehicle substantially extremely cold conditions (for example, 0 C). 16. Release the accelerator pedal to slow down anddonot apply the brakes when traicand road conditions allow. StartingyourEV

BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV Charging speci cation Please refer to the contents of the quick guide chapter for charging introduces other relevant contents of charging. Methods of determining whether a vehicle needs charging recommended that you charge the vehicle when parking it. Shallow charge and discharge is conducive to prolonging the

Battery life. Donotwait until the recharging, which maynotbe conducive to your next trip and the battery life. on during driving, it indicates that the traction battery pack islowand needs to be charged assoonas possible. 3. When the SOC indicator indicates low remaining power, or the driving range cannot meet the

Requirements for charging power The charging system for the (360km) model has a rated power of 3. 3KW. The charging power is dependent on the speci cations of the charging gun charging pile andcanbe usedwitha standard household 220V AC power supply. If there isadi erence between the external power supply power and the charging machine s rated

Power, the charging power is consistent with the smaller one. StartingyourEV BEFORE DRIVING YOUREVCon guration 360km endurance 20 -100 charging time Household 10A socket or smart charging 26-27h (under normal ambient temperature) Original 3. 5KW charging pile (contact 4S store to install the original charging pile)

12-13h (recommended) (under normal ambient temperature) Original 7KW charging pile (contact 4S store to install the original charging pile) 12 13h (under normal ambient temperature) DC quick charging 1. 5 2. 0h (under normal ambient temperature, for charging equipment above 42KW) 30 -80 charging time DC quick charging

Approximately 35 minutes (under normal ambient temperature, for charging equipment above 42KW) Speci c parameters are as follows: The standard charging gun provided when you purchases thecarcan only achieve 1. 76KW charging power. If you

Want to increase the charging power, please purchase the charging pile ontheo icial APP or contact a 4S store. 2. If the power line consists of multiple segments, each segment s wires, plugs, and sockets must meet the speci ed load requirements. Avoid ying wires, anddonot wrap the power line or harness around the charging

Equipment. Otherwise, the part that cannot meet the load requirements maymeltor catch redueto overheating. 4. It is recommended to install andusethe original charging gun charging pile. The charging voltage of the original charging pile charging gun is technically

3. When the household power supply isusedfor charging, the main switch and leakage protection switch shall be installed at the front endofthe charging line, so that the main switch can be disconnected and leakage protection can be carried outinan emergency. Ground wire must be grounded properly.

5. Normal ambient temperature isdenedas 25 C adjusted to match the working voltage of the traction battery. Theuseofnon-original charging pile charging gun may damage the performance of the traction battery. 9. If the vehicle has a battery heating function, activating battery heating during charging may result in a certain

Extension of charging time, and there maybe a slight increase in power consumption during charging. This is considered a normal phenomenon 6. It is normal that the time for fully charging the battery will deviate to some extent under di erent battery capacities, SOC, ambient temperature, battery temperature and external charging equipment.

7. The above charging data is based on the optimal charging state. The actual charging time is subject to the actual charging timeofthe vehicle. 8. To ensure charging e iciency, it is recommended to keep theACo during quick charging StartingyourEV BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV Charging schematic diagram Be sure toaska professional

Electrician to install the charging line for you; otherwise it may cause re or electric shock. Check for charging 1. Power o the vehicle. 2. Donotrideinthe vehicle when charging. Ensure the ventilation of charging places, anddonot charge inconnedand narrow 3. Before charging, please check whether the skin and casing of

The charging cable are broken. If authorised service center for repair or replacement. Make sure that the charging cable isina state of natural extension, anddonot hang intheair. appropriate protective measures should be taken to avoid children and other irrelevant personnel approaching the charging vehicle and charging

5. During charging, it should be noted that there should be no residual rainwater in the charging socket and its vicinity. 6. Do not charge the vehicle in an environment where there is rain, snow or accumulated water, or re source thunder weather. Incaseofrain, snow, rising water and strong wind during charging, stop charging and take away the

Charging cable. Otherwise, there isriskof electric leakage. 7. If the vicinity of the charging port gets wet during charging, please pull out the charging plug from the power supply socket and then unplug the charging gun from the charging port while ensuring safety. If necessary, please use insulating gloves and contact the

Con rmation assoonas possible. 8. When touching the charging plug, please keep your hands dry, and use insulating gloves if necessary. StartingyourEV BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV 9. The ambient temperature of charging is recommended to be between 0 C and 35 C, and avoid charging atlowor high temperature (it is recommended

To charge the vehicle atnoonin winter, andinthe morning or evening in summer). Avoid charging in an environment of high temperature such as direct equipped with a traction battery internal temperature of the traction battery is below 0 C during charging, the traction automatically heatuprst, and then the traction battery pack is

Charged after heating. 10. The charging plugisa highvoltage electrical device, which is strictly prohibited for children. It is strictly prohibited for charging. If there are many children or people walking frequently in the charging area, safety signs should besetup. 11. Lock the doors before leaving the vehicle

Charging cable and charging port to make sure that the cable is not damaged andthatno water or foreign matter enters the charging gun and port. 1. To extend the service lifeofthe traction battery pack and ensure the driving safety, do not drive when theSOCistoolow ( 10 ). 2. Donotusethe traction battery 3. Improper handling of the

Traction battery may cause serious accidents, such as traction battery damage or personal injury. In order to avoid accidents, attention should bepaidtothe following a. Do not expose the vehicle to the environment above 45 Cformorethan 24 hours, and place the vehicle inacool environment inStartingyourEV BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV

B. Do not place the vehicle in an environment of -25 Cformorethan 7 days, and place the vehicle inawarm environment in time. If the temperature environment (below -25 C) foralongtime, the traction battery pack may freeze inside, resulting in failure to charge and to provide driving power to the vehicle, which is very

4. To increase the service life and safety of battery packs, it is recommended: a. The vehicle without traction cannot be charged when the internal temperature of the traction battery is below 0 C. Therefore, atalow temperature, please charge the vehicle assoonas possible within one hour after parking. If the vehicle cannot be charged

Duetothelow temperature of the traction battery, move the vehicle toawarm place or drive for a period of time before charging. b. When the vehicle will be stored foralongtime (more than 1 month), charge the battery to about 60, and disconnect the negative terminal of 12V battery in the compartment c. Please try to avoid sharp acceleration

Deceleration during driving. If the vehicle will be stored foralongtime, charge the battery to about 60, and disconnect the negative terminal of 12V battery. Long-term storage at very lowSOCisnot conducive to the service lifeofthe traction battery. StartingyourEV BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV chemical products that need

Routine full charge and full discharge are critical to the performance. In addition, the battery capacity is subject to natural attenuation duetothe chemical properties. When younda decrease in SOC range, it is recommended to check itatthe center. If the battery consistency is turned outtobe within the normal range, this decrease is

Duetothe normal attenuation of the battery capacity. Preparations: Cutothe power supply, pullupthe handbrake, take out the charging cable from the car, and check whether the cable is intact. (Note: The external viewofthe charging gunisfor illustration only. The nal appearance shall be subject to the physical object).

Charging with AC supply 1. As shown in the figure, press the right sideofthe charging port cap, and it will open automatically. StartingyourEV BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV 4. Insert the charging gun into the charging port. 5. Pull out the charging plug cap. Insert the charger plug into the charging port until youheara click.

Display Charging, current battery percentage, charging connection icon and charging status icon. 5. Pull out the charging gun after After charging, press the button topulloutthe charging plug and cover the charging port cap. StartingyourEV 3. Insert the plug into power socket 2. Turn the locking hooktothe right

Toopenthe charging socket cap, as shown in the figure. BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV 7. Close the charging portcapAs shown in the image, turn right to close the charging port cover until youheara click. (When closing the charging port cover, make sure that the ip cover of the charger receptacle has been closed). When you charge yourcarin winter,

Duetothe temperature, the lower the battery temperature is, the longer the charging time will be. Therefore, you should schedule charging reasonably soasnotto delay your trip. If normal charging fails during theuseof public charging facilities, please check whether the public charging facilities used function normally rst. high-temperature

Conditions will cause the battery temperature to rise rapidly. The charging machine will limit the charging power according to the battery temperature to avoid overheating, extension of the charging time. Thisisa normal phenomenon. StartingyourEVAs shown in the figure, pulltheip cover of the charger receptacle to

The right and press it until a click sound is heard. Iftheip cover no longer rebounds after releasing, close the ip cover of the charger receptacle. 6. Close the ip cover of charging DC charging During DC charging, please follow the operation instructions of the charging equipment or charge under the guidance ofthestaatthe

Equipment shall be subject to the physical object). BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV charging port and the connector portofthe charging plug for any water or foreign matter. If any, Otherwise, itmayleadto short circuit or electric shock, resulting in personal injury and property loss. Do not touch the metal electricity.

During charging, do not touch the charging cable and plug with wet hands, anddonot charge the vehicle inawet place; otherwise youmaygetan electric shock. Incaseofany abnormal smell or smoke during charging, stop immediately service center in time. Do not charge the vehicle in thunder and lightning conditions, anddonot

Charge intheopenairon rainy days. Otherwise, it may damage the charging equipment, or electric shock. Power supply function con guration, some models are equipped with optional power takeo function. You can draw 220V AC power from the vehicle to supply conventional household appliances with a power rating ofupto 2. 2kw. AC charging gun

First, put the vehicle in the Ready state and shift totheP (Park) position. Then, insert the AC power plug into the AC charging socket, and plug the appliance (with a power rating of less than 2. 2 kW) into the socket ontheAC power plug. The indicator light ontheAC power plug will light up, indicating that power is being drawn.

StartingyourEV BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EVTheAC power plug cannot beusedtodraw power from one electric vehicle to charge another electric If the indicator light on the power take-ogundoesnot illuminate functioning properly and the correct operation, it may indicate a fault with the power take-o extraction immediately.

Charging port and the connector portofthe charging gunforany water or foreign matter. If any, Otherwise, itmayleadto short circuit or electric shock, resulting in personal injury and property loss. Do not touch the metal connectors during charging. electricity. During charging, do not touch the charging gun with wet hands or

Charge the vehicle inawet place; otherwise, youmaygetan electric shock. Incaseofany abnormal smell or smoke during immediately and contact theJSWMG authorised service center inDonot charge the vehicle in thunder and lightning conditions, anddonot charge intheopenairon rainy days. Otherwise, it may damage the charging equipment,

Or cause lightning strike and electric shock. StartingyourEV BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV Instructions to Follow Instructions It is recommended to charge the vehicle to 100 every time, continuous fast charging cycles opportunity (Opportunity Charging - where it was below 100 SoC) it is Charging and charge the vehicle to 100 SoC.

Slow AC charging till 100 SoCismust, at least once a 15 Days or after every 4 fast opportunity charging cycles whichever is earlier, for SoC calibration cell Avoid charging vehicle under heavy rain thunderstorms Avoid driving vehicle below 10 Make sure the charge station s supply cable is positioned soitwillnotbe stepped on, tripped

Over, or otherwise subjected to damage or stress. There arenouser serviceable parts inside the charging gun. experience any problems with the charging gun. Do not attempt to repair or service the charge station or charging gun yourself may result in injury. Do not operate your charge station andgunifitorthe supply representative

Immediately. Emergency and Breakdown section in this manual for information representative in your area. Do not place ngers inside the coupler on either endofthe charging gun. Do not allow children to operate this device. Adult supervision is mandatory when children are in proximity to a charge station that Notforusein commercial

Slow charging only happens in park brake engaged condition. So always keep the park brake StartingyourEV BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV Change of vehicle state (Ignition of to Ignition ONorvice-versa) Post switch o the charger, provide min 5 seconds for touching and pulling outthegun. If the charging gun removed and

Reinsertion required it could be done after at least 10 seconds of removal of the charging gunfromDonot disengage play around with the Park brake hand brake while vehicle in fast charging current protections are given inthehome charging box and charging gun. The RCBO should always beinON state during normal charging use-case and

There should be no error (Red) LEDsonthe charging gun. Incaseany tripping ofRCBOis observed or error LEDs start blinking on the Charging gun, please contact TML authorized EV workshop. Home charging box comes with recommended tolockthebox during overnight charge orwhenthe charging boxisnotinuseto avoid misuse of charging point.

Unplug both couplers of your Portable Charging Gun before StartingyourEV During normal operation, the charging gun or couplers may feel warm. If either coupler or the charging gun feels hot during charging, unplug thegunand have a quali ed electrician inspect the connections before you continue Donotusea damaged charging

Station, plug point or charging port. Using the charger withawornor damaged port may result in unanticipated consequences. BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV electromagnetic waves that can seriously impact medical electric devices suchasan implantable cardiac pacemaker in a person. When a person has an implant like the one mentioned above,

Make sure toaskthe medical team and the manufacturer whether charging your EV will impact the operation of the medical electric device implant. In such case, donotgo near the vehicle whenitis charging. Ensure that the charging gun is always stored inasafe place. Do not expose ittorainorwet conditions. Avoid pouring or

Dripping water or other liquids over it. If water penetrates the electrical devices, theriskof electric shock increases. Ensure that all plugs and cables arefreeof moisture before using the charging gun. Never connect the charging guntothe mains withwetor moist hands orwhenthe charging guniswet. StartingyourEV

Make sure that the device is always stored inasafe place. Do no expose the device torainorwet conditions. DONOTuse this connector cable During charging the vehicle mustnotbe exposed to rain, lightning Charging should bedonein Ignition of state BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV Important Tips DoanddontDonot allow the vehicle to be

Discharged to 0 in storage. Long duration Parking o Avoid parking vehicle below 20 SOC for more than 14 days. o Ideal condition to park vehicle for longer duration ( 14 days) iswithSOC between 40 tooIf vehicle isnottobe used for very long duration (more than 3 months) andisin parked condition, ensure the SOC between 50 to 60.

During the resting period, the user may choose either of the following options to prevent o Periodically (weekly once) user may switch on the remote Air conditioning for 20-30 mins. This wakes up both the high voltage and low voltage systems and prevents low voltage battery from getting discharged. StartingyourEV

O If possible, user may choose to disconnect the negative terminal ofthelow voltage complete vehicle sleep and minimum loss of charge for both low voltage and high voltage batteries. Do not direct high pressure (Pressure above 0. 5 bar) at electrical devices and connecter during washing. Thisisto prevent malfunction failure of

Electrical system due to water washing in Motor compartment, Underoor battery pack and CCS Charging port. Drive though calm water only and only ifitisnot deeper than 300mm andatthis depth, the vehicle speed to be maintained at creep speed. As EV service requires certain skill sets and trained manpower, it is always recommended to get

The car serviced or repaired at BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EVStartingyourEV Always check the SOC level before start of journey ensure car is adequately charged. You may check the SOC level on the mobile app also. Remote AC command nottobe executed through mobile app while during the charge initiation BEFORE DRIVING YOUR EV

Before driving long distances, it s important to conduct a safety check. inspection. Check tire pressure and inspect tires for damage. Ensure wheel nuts are tightened Con rm headlights and all other lights are functioning properly. Ensure seat belts fasten securely and are undamaged. indicators, instrument lights, and defroster are working.

Ensure there s enough space for the brake pedal to function Inspect battery connectors for corrosion, looseness, or cracks in the casing. Under the hood: Ensure there are fuses of correct speci cations available. Check that refrigerant levels are Pre-driving safety check After starting: Verify that instrument cluster indicators and speedometer are

Operating normally. Ensure the vehicle maintains a straight path when brakes are Listen for any unusual noises. Preparations before driving: surroundings entering the vehicle. Adjust seat position, backrest angle, seat cushion height, headrest height, and steering wheel angle and height. Adjust rearview mirror and side Ensure all doors are closed

Fasten seat belts. Gear shift controls: Gear positions are marked on the gearshift lever. Press the P button tostopthe vehicle; use this position when starting or stopping the motor. Press the brake pedal and the unlock button to shift gears. DRIVING YOUR EVStartingyourEV Only press the P button after the vehicle has completely

Use reverse gear (R) only after the vehicle has stopped. Shift toPwhen leaving theUseDfor normal driving. Driving tips Here are some tips for safe driving in di erent conditions: Driving through water Check that wiper blades, lights, and brakes are working well. Inspect tire treads and their Avoid sudden braking and sharp

Turns to prevent skidding. When slowing down, shift to a lower gear and brake gently. Keep headlights oninpoor visibility. Driving on a rainy day Check wipers, lights, and brakes for proper function. Assess tire tread depth and Avoid abrupt braking and sharp turns to prevent skidding. When slowing down, shift to a lower gear and brake gently.

Visibility. StartingyourEV DRIVING YOUR EV Driving on snowy roads Use snow chains when driving on assembly and safety instructions provided bythesnow chain manufacturer. Do not slide the vehicle with the power turned o. In such case, many systems (e. g. brake booster) cannot work. Driving inthiswaywillposea danger to

Yourself and others. To ensure that the pedal travel is unhampered, theoormatinthe pedal area shall not be excessively thick, and no article shall be placed in the pedal area. Night driving Ensure all lights are working and windows are clean. Drive more cautiously at night due to reduced visibility. Maintain a speed where you can

Illuminated by your headlights. Avoid using high beams unless necessary to prevent dazzling oncoming drivers. Use indicators and headlights properly for turning and lane StartingyourEV DRIVING YOUR EVIfyouve been driving in heavy rainforan extended period without braking, there might be a delay in the brakes response when you rst

Apply them. Youmayneedto press the brake pedal more rmly. Ensure you maintain a larger distance from the vehicle ahead. Driving on wet roads aquaplaning, where tires lose contact due to water buildup. This makes steering and braking Slow down on wet roads to reduce theriskof aquaplaning. Avoid leaving the vehicle in

Temperatures below -25 Cformorethan seven days. If the outside temperature drops to - 25 C or lower, the Li-ion battery may freeze, preventing it from charging or powering the vehicle. Move the vehicle to a warmer location to prevent this issue. Driving on Highways: Avoid rapid changes in accelerator pedal inputs. Drive as smoothly as

Possible. EVs respond instantly to pedal inputs due to their immediate torque and power. The stopping distance increases progressively with vehicle speed, so maintain a safe distance from the vehicle For long-distance driving: starting your trip and take breaks at regular intervals to prevent fatigue. Driving inhotand cold weather:

The vehicle s heating and cooling systems use energy from the battery. temperature comfortable range of 24 C to 26 C with Auto mode and Econ activated to maximize both comfort and range. StartingyourEV DRIVING YOUR EV When driving on long, steep gradients, it is important to lessen the strain on the brakes by releasing the accelerator pedal.

This action utilizes regenerative braking to its advantage and prevents the service brakes from overheating, e ectiveness. Driving on gradients: When going downhill, easeothe accelerator to reduce speed. Avoid shifting to neutral or turning o the vehicle. EVs between speeds of 40 to 60 km h, making them ideal for city

Driving. Staying within this speed range, along with following other driving tips, can signi cantly highways, it s recommended to maintain a speed between 60 to 80 kmhto optimize range. Higher speeds canleadtoa noticeable decrease in range. Driver distraction Distractions especially for new drivers. Safety should always come rst. Avoid

Distractions like reaching for things, eating, grooming, passengers, and using phones. Taking youreyesotheroador hands o the wheel canleadto accidents. To stay safe: Set up devices like phones and GPS when stopped. Use your phone only when safe Never let a device distract you from driving. Control your speed

Speeding causes many injuries and deaths in accidents. Faster speeds mean more risk, but even slower speeds can be dangerous. Drive atasafe speed for the conditions, no matter the posted limit. Keep your vehicle safe Blown tires or mechanical failures are extremely dangerous. To avoid these problems: Check tire pressure and condition

StartingyourEV DRIVING YOUR EV Always wear your seat belt Wearing your seat belt is crucial in any accident. Air bags are there to help, buttheycant replace seat belts. Make sure you and your passengers always wear seat belts and wear them correctly. Restrain all children Children under 13 should sitinthe back seat, not the front.

Babies and small kids should beina proper Child Restraint System. Older kids should use a booster seat with thelapand shoulder belt until they canusethe seat belt alone. Air bag hazards Air bags save lives but can also hurt people whoaretoo close or not properly restrained. Babies, small adults, and kids are most at

Risk. Follow all instructions andAkey serves as the electronic access authorization included as a standard feature in your vehicle. Every new vehicle is supplied with two keys; it s advisable to keep oneasa spare. To ensure security, please store the key number plate safely to prevent unauthorized duplication. Note that various vehicle

Models may come with di erent types of keys, so please consult the speci c details for your vehicle The e ective distance of remote control is about 15m without Unlocking all doors Press the unlock button once to lamp will ash once, and anti-theft state is released. Locking all doors Press the lock button once to lock

All doors after all doors are closed; twice, and the vehicle isatanti-theft If the smart key battery islowor drained, orifthe vehicle battery islowor drained, users can unlock and enter the vehicle using the mechanical key blade located inside the smart key. Keep the smart keywithyouto enable passive access. Itisusedfor

Locking, unlocking, and starting the 1. Unlocking all doors 2. Locking all doors 3. Tail gate opening Tail gate opening Press the tailgate opening button for 3 sec to unlock the liftgate. OPENING CLOSING StartingyourEVThe functioning range of the remote control maybedi erent due to environmental reasons. Radio interference signals and

Barriers will aectthe remote control functions. If smart key is close to radio transmitter such as radio station or an airport which can interfere with normal operation of the transmitter. If smart keyisneara mobile twoway radio system or a cellular phone, then it will not work If another vehicle s smart key is being operated close to your

Vehicle, the signal will uctuate. Keep smart key away from electromagnetic materials that blocks electromagnetic waves tothekey surface. Keyless Entry con guration, some models are equipped with keyless entry function automatically unlocks when thekeyis close toitor locks when away from vehicle. Enabling this function allows the

Vehicle to automatically unlock when thekeyis within a range of about 1. 3 meters. For some models, the door handles unfold automatically; if not, the handles needtobe manually pressed to open. When thekeyis about 2. 3 meters away from the vehicle, the vehicle automatically powers o, locks, retracts the door handles, and raises the windows.

The keyless entry switch can be turned onoin instrument panel settings under Menu - Vehicle settings - Door windows - Lock - Approach unlock Tailgate open StartingyourEV OPENING CLOSING when approaching. When thekeyis close to the vehicle, the vehicle unlocks automatically; When thekeyis away from the vehicle, Lock

Automatically when away from the vehicle PEPS triggering conditions (all the following conditions are met simultaneously): All doors close; The locks on the driver s or front passenger s feedback indicating whether they are unlocked. The door handle micro switch is No valid key inside the vehicle, and a valid key is found within the

Vehicle s Passive Entry (PE) area. Anti-theft DeviceImmobilizer PEPS Immobilizer systems are designed to electronically disabling the vehicle s ignition system. The vehicle can only immobilizer ignition key, which contains a programmed electronic identi cation code. PEPS triggering conditions (allofthe simultaneously):

The vehicle speed is lower than Both the driver sdoorlock passenger door lock feedback indicate a locked status; The door handle micro switch is A valid key is found within the e ective Passive Loss of keys Ifoneofthe keys is lost, contact the immediately. StartingyourEV OPENING CLOSING Do not leave thekeyinthe vehicle.

Take the key with you when you leave the vehicle. Ifthekeyis lost, please contact Otherwise, it may cause injuries or death duetohigh temperature in the vehicle. Donotto leave valuables in the vehicle to prevent losses due to unforeseen circumstances. The vehicle is equipped with a noninductive key, which cannot beleftin

The vehicle foralongtime. Vehicle locating Press the remote lock button quickly twice to activate the vehicle locating function, the horn will sound 3 will ash 20 times. Activation of door lock and CTD 1. Close all the windows. 2. All passengers leave the vehicle. 3. Close all doors, engine hoodandl 4. Press the lock button on the

Smart key once, and the hazard immobilizer system. The door lock system canalsobe activated when the window is open. Make sure to close all windows and doors before leaving the vehicle. The anti-theft mode must be activated with the remote StartingyourEVDonot turn ON ignition switch by using key with any type of

Metal wound around itsgriporin contact with it. Thismaybe detected as abnormal condition by immobilizer and prevent vehicle from starting. Do not leave thekeyin high temperature transponder initwill behave abnormally when reused. OPENING CLOSING Intheanti-theft state, ifonedoororthe trunk is opened by force without

The unlock button of the remote opening the driver side door with theashandthe horn will beep for a Press the lock and unlock buttons on be ended automatically after 30s, and the anti-theft mode is activated again. If the system fails todoso, it is recommended tohavethe system service center. Deactivation of door lock and anti-

Press the door unlock button on the remote control once. All the doors will be unlocked (except the liftgate). The anti-theft status is cleared. Lock function alarm The horn will buzz 3 times and the times to indicate that the doors are not locked successfully if the remote lock button is pressed when the door lock conditions arenotmet. These

Situations include: 1. There isadoornot closed (including liftgate); 2. The door lock is under thermal Never leave a child or pet Otherwise, it may cause injuries or death duetohigh temperature in the vehicle. StartingyourEVThe anti-theft mode must be activated with the transmitter. Never leave a child or pet

Otherwise, it may cause injuries or death duetohigh temperature in the vehicle. OPENING CLOSING Automatic locking of door When all doors are closed and the vehicle speed exceeds 10 km h, all doors will be locked automatically. Automatic re-locking With thekeynotinthe ignition switch, the vehicle will activate re-

Locking if the alarm is disarmed but no doors and liftgate are opened within 30s after the vehicle is under the armed state successfully. Automatic unlocking Ifthedoorlockis engaged, when the vehicle is parked and shifted from DorRtotheP gear position, the doors will be automatically unlocked. Remote controller

Each transmitter hasitsown electronic code to prevent the doors transmitters. If the remote control islostor stolen, please contact thebuyanewoneas soon as possible. Ifyouneedto replace oneormore remote controls, please bring with the existing remote control(s) when authorised service center matches the new remote control with your

Vehicle, the existing remote control shall also be matched with the new code. After the new remote control hasanew electronic code, the lost remote control will not unlock your Remote window control Press and hold unlock button for 3 seconds, the windows will roll down and blower starts functioning which helps in escape ofhotairandlet

Fresh air inside the vehicle. StartingyourEV OPENING CLOSING StartingyourEV transmission function of remote control The remote control has the signal transmission auto stop function which can prevent unnecessary battery loss caused by mis operation and other reasons. Long press any button on the remote control for over 10s, the remote

Control will stop transmitting signals automatically. And release the button, the signal transmission autostop function is deactivated. If the remote control cannot function normally, itmaybe caused by the following reasons: Out of remote control working Excessively lowSOCof remote control battery; Interference environment and other high-

Power radio signals (such as base station and launch tower); Signal blocking by other barriers. OPENING CLOSING Replace the battery Inside the key remote control, there is a lithium battery whose service life is 2 years generally. When the shortened gradually (must be closer to the vehicle to remotely control), it indicates a low battery. The key

Battery cannot be charged. After the battery runs out, please reach out center tohavethe battery changed or follow these steps to change the 1. Remove the mechanical key by pressing the release button. 2. Use a slim tool to pry open the rear cover of the smart key. 3. Remove the old battery and insert the new battery (CR2032). Make

Sure the battery position is 4. Reinstall the rear cover oftheStartingyourEV OPENING CLOSING To ensure normal functioning of the remote-control key, please follow the following rules: Avoid dropping the remotecontrol key. Please do not place a heavy object on the remote-control Make sure the remote-control

Key is away from water or direct sunlight. If the remote-control key is socked, please wipeitwithasoft cloth. Open the door To open doors from inside or outside, unlock the doors rst, and pull the external or internal door handles When you leave the vehicle unattended, you must lock all doors and take the key with you.

The vehicle may be stolen ifthedoorisnot locked. Door locking unlocking from outside using key 1. Unlocking As shown in the above image, to unlock thecardoorwithakey, for example, if the remote keyislost oroutof power, press down on the left side of the door handle to expose the keyhole. The keyhole ontheleft front

Door handle is hidden under the handle and becomes visible when the handle is opened. When toStartingyourEV OPENING CLOSING lock unlock the car door from the outside using a key, insert the key into the lock hole as shown in the image above to unlock lock the car Unlocking the door from inside the vehicle To unlock the door from inside the

Vehicle, pull the interior door handle once for unlocking, andpullit again to open the door. Pull it once to open the door if the door is unlocked. 2. Unlocking To lock the door from inside the vehicle, press 1 (the lock button) tolockthe vehicle. The exterior door handle is hidden, and the door cannot be opened from the outside.

To unlock the door, pull the interior handle twice. The rst pull unlocks thedooronthe respective side, and the second pull opens the door. The respective side unfolds. Press 2 (the unlock button) to unlock the vehicle. Outside the door, the door handle If there is noise while opening closing doors or driving, apply

Lubricating grease onthedoor catches and hinges. Do not leave your child or pet alone in the vehicle. Otherwise, severe casualty will be caused. The child may operate power windows or other control buttons or even drive the vehicle. Do not leave the child with akeyinthe vehicle. Such StartingyourEV Lock unlock the door inside

The vehicle OPENING CLOSING not a child safety door lock. Turn the knob with the key according to the arrow mark here, and then close the door. At last, pull the external handle to ensure that the doors are locked. For the left front door, please plug thekeyinthe door outer handle and rotate the key clockwise tolockthe

Door. Please refer to Mechanical Lock on Left Front Door. Child safety door lock The rear doors are equipped with child safety locks. The function of the child safety lockisto prevent passengers (especially children) from pulling the door handle and accidentally opening the rear door. StartingyourEV Rear door opening

Door opening handle is provided onthesideofthe window. To unlock the door from inside the vehicle, pull the interior door handle once for unlocking, andpullit again to open the door. Pull it once to open the door if the door is unlocked. Door locking method when vehicle is powered oIncaseof vehicle outage (for

Example, the battery isoutof power or its positive and negative poles are disconnected), the central control door lock system does not function, and you need to lock side doors manually onebyone. Open the front right door and the rear two doors, andndthe knob inside the door lock (as shown in the figure above). Note that the knob is

2. Unlocking To activate the child safety lock: OPENING CLOSING When the child safety door lock issetat LOCKING, do not attempt topullthe internal door handle to open the door. Otherwise, the door handle will be damaged. Please open the door with the external door handle. Do not leave your child or pet alone in the vehicle. Otherwise, it may

Result in severe casualties. Children may operate power windows or other control buttons or even drive Central door lock system With the central door lock system, youcannot only use the remote control tolockand unlock the door, but also unlock and lock the door with the door lock button on the driver ssidedoor. StartingyourEV

1. Open the rear door that you want 2. Find the child safety door groove knob on the door edge and near the middle position. 3. Insert the key into the slot and rotate itinthe direction indicated by the arrow. The two rear doors are equipped respectively. They work separately andmustbe activated manually and respectively.

When the child safety door lock is enabled, it cannot be opened from inside the vehicle. The door can only be opened by pulling the outer handle of the door from outside the To cancel the child safety door lock, insert the key into the slot and rotate itinthe opposite direction. OPENING CLOSING keytoa certain area (within about

1. 2 m) away from the liftgate, and press the liftgate release switch to certify the system andthekey. After authentication, liftgate is unlocked. Ifthedooris unlocked, the liftgate can be opened directly (unnecessary to carry thekeytoget close to the liftgate). Passive lock When the liftgate istobe locked

Passively, the system will search whether there is a legal keyinthe vehicle. If there is no legal keyinthe automatically lock the liftgate. The If there isakeyinthe vehicle, the system will give an alarm prompt, the horn will sound 3 times, the times, and the door will be unlocked automatically. Please take away the

Keyinthe vehicle, and lock the doors If the doors are unlocked, the liftgate canonlybe locked after closing the liftgate and locking the doors. Please remember tolockthe doors. StartingyourEV Tailgate opening with tailgate Unlock the vehicle, press the liftgate switch andopenit. For a vehicle equipped with Passive

Entry Passive Start (PEPS), you can carry the remote control key directly to approach the tailgate and press the switch toopenthe tailgate. Tailgate opening with remote key Press the remote control key Tailgate Opening button for about 3s to unlock the tailgate. Tolockthe liftgate, youneedto close itandthen Passive unlock lock of tailgate

Passive unlock When the doors are locked and the vehicle is powered o, carry a legal OPENING CLOSING 1. Side trim cover If other liftgate opening methods are invalid, the liftgate can be opened temporarily asperthe following 1. Adjust the seat and enter the 2. Open the trim cover outside the liftgate lock. 3. Insert a suitable tool (e. g., a

Straight screwdriver) into the groove and turn clockwise to unlock the liftgate. StartingyourEV Make sure that the human body away from the tailgate when opening the tailgate. When closing the tailgate, make sure that hands and other parts of the human body are completely outside the closing areaofthe tailgate to avoid personal

Injury when the tailgate is opened or Before driving, please make sure that the tailgate is closed and locked. When leaving the vehicle, please make sure that the tailgate is closed and locked, and the vehicle is locked. OPENING CLOSING To activate this function, set in instrument panel under Door Window Door Lock Open

Keyless Entry switch. When thekeyis close to the tailgate, the tailgate will automatically. Tailgate open con guration, some models are equipped with this function, as shown in the image. This function can be operated in instrument panel under Door Menu - Vehicle settings - Doors and windows - Tailgate - ON. Clicking Tailgate ON unlocks the

Tailgate and opens it automatically. Maximum tailgate opening setting con guration, some vehicle models comewitha feature that allows setting of the maximum tailgate opening, as shown in the image. This instrument panel under Menu - Vehicle settings - Door and windows - Tailgate - maximum opening setting. Youcansetthe tailgate

Opening degree to choose from 50 to 100 (50 60 70 80 StartingyourEV Power tailgate switch con guration, some models are equipped with an electric tailgate switch. As shown in the image, press the electric tailgate switch, and the tailgate will automatically close. Proximity-triggered con guration, some vehicle models

Automatically opens or closes the tailgate when thekeyis near it. This activated electric tailgate switch. instrument panel under Menu - windows - Lock - approach unlock. OPENING CLOSING 3. Separate the cowl hood prop rod from the xing clip. Plug the free endofthe prop rodinthe slot Close the hood 1. Support the engine hood to

Prevent it from closing, and take the prop rod out from the slot. Then, xtherodinthe xing 2. Make sure that your or other persons hands or other body parts are away from the engine compartment, cowl hood and vehicle body edges. 3. Slowly drop the cowl hood, and release it when the cowl hood front edge is about 30 cm

Vertically from the top cross member of the water tank toletit fall freely. StartingyourEV Engine hood Open the hood 1. Pull the hood release handle ontheleft lower sideofthe instrument panel once 2. After thehoodis opened, stretch your hand to the lower sideofits front edge. Pull the hood release handle rightward as shown in the

Completely. OPENING CLOSING Exterior rearview mirror Please check the visual eldofall rearview mirrors before driving. Adjustment of outside rearview Option 1: Manual adjustment Press theedgeofthe mirror byhandtoan appropriate view angle. You can adjust the position of the exterior mirrors in instrument panel settings under Menu - Vehicle

Setting - Door and windows - Rear side mirror - adjust. Additionally, manual adjustment canbedone onStartingyourEV Check that the engine hood is locked before driving the vehicle. Donotpullthe engine hood release handle when the vehicle is moving. Do not drive the vehicle when the front engine hood is open. Charging ap opening

As shown in the figure, press the right sideofthe charging port cap, and it will open automatically. 4. Always check andconrm that the cowl hood is locked in place. OPENING CLOSING Folding of ORVM Option 1: Automatic-folding while You can enable or disable the automatic folding of the exterior mirrors when locking the vehicle in

Instrument panel settings under Menu - Vehicle setting - Door and windows - Rear side mirror - side mirror auto fold Lock Auto Fold Rearview Mirrors. When this feature is enabled, the exterior rearview mirrors will automatically fold when remotely locking the vehicle. Itwillbe unfolded automatically when unlocked by remote control.

Option 2: Rearview mirror folding You can enable or disable the exterior mirror folding feature in instrument panel settings under Menu - Vehicle setting - Door and windows - Rear side mirror - side mirror unfold. When this feature is enabled, the mirrors fold; when disabled, the mirrors unfold. Option 3: Manual folding

To ensure the pedestrian s safety, the outside rearview mirror can be folded forward or backward from its normal mounting position under su icient impact force. Itcanbe moved and reset manually. StartingyourEVthe left side of the steering wheel. When cruise control adaptive cruise control is not engaged, press the

Scroll wheel to toggle between left mirror adjustment mode, right rearview mirror adjustment mode, and AC control modeinaloop. Left rearview mirror adjustment mode: Press and hold the left and right keys in the left mode area and toggle the scroll wheel to adjust the position oftheleft rearview mirror. It supports long press to adjust.

Restore the AC control mode without operation within 10s after adjustment. Right rearview mirror adjustment mode: Press and hold the left and right keys in the left mode area and toggle the scroll wheel to adjust the position of the right rearview mirror. It supports long press to adjust. Restore the AC control mode

Without operation within 10s after adjustment. OPENING CLOSING Inside rearview mirror Adjust the rearview mirror to an appropriate angle manually. The interior rearview mirror has an antidazzling function, which can reduce the dazzling eectfrom vehicles behind at night. Turn the switch at the rearview mirror bottom forward

To activate the anti-dazzling mode. Please remember toturnthe switchback atdaytime. StartingyourEV folding outside rearview mirror In frosty weather, if the outside rearview mirror and its spindle are frozen, please remove the freeze folding unfolding example, if the mirror is frozen after the vehicle is parked outdoors for a

Night in winter, please remove the freeze rst, andusethe remote control or the passive entry button to unlock doors. Then, the outside rearview mirror will be unfolded smoothly. If the freeze is not movement of the rearview mirror, damaging the mirror. If the outside rearview mirror glass is frozen, please remove the freeze rst, and

Then use the defrosting function for auxiliary heating and deicing. If the freeze is not removed, the freeze will hinder the movement of the mirror while adjusting the mirror, causing damage to the mirror. OPENING CLOSING Automatic anti-dazzle interior rearview mirror When the START STOP switch isinON RUNNING, automatic anti-sazzle function is

Switched on automatically. When a following vehicle s headlamps could dazzle the driver, the light sensor activates the anti-dazzle function. The automatic anti-dazzle function can be inhibited if: The light from the vehicle isnotseenbythe light sensor on the Reverse gear is selected. anti-dazzling reduce the vision clarity behind

The vehicle. Please drive carefully. StartingyourEV OPENING CLOSING The interior rearview mirror is equipped withaUSBport, so that your vehicle data recorder can be powered during installation. Vanity mirror Close the vanity mirror cover securely and return the sunvisor to its original position after use.

Tousethe vanity mirror, pull down the sunvisor and slide the mirror cover to open. Vanity light will glow on sliding the mirror cover andgoesowhen sliding back. StartingyourEV Your vehicle is con figured with sun visors which can reduce dazzling eectonthe driver and passengers. The sun visors can move upward, downward and sideward.

Tousethe sunvisor pull itTousethe sunvisor to block the sun from the side window, pull it downward, release itfromthe bracket and swing ittothe side; towards the window. The sun visors may be equipped with a vanity mirror, a vanity mirror trim cover, a bill folder, etc. according to the vehicle con guration. OPENING CLOSING

Children may operate the power window andmayget stuck by the window when they operate it. Do not leave akeyoran unattended child in the vehicle. Misoperation of the power window may cause casualities. Children may climb outofthe vehicle window, resulting in Therefore, no child is allowed to operate the window regulator

Switch or lean over the window. StartingyourEV Power window The glass lift switch is located on the front door armrest panel. The left and right switches control the left and right window glass, respectively. To raise the window, pull upward the switch. To lower the window, press the switch down. Release the switch

When the window has reached the required position. OPENING CLOSING StartingyourEV Individual switches Individual switch has been provided on all doors. To close the glass pull the switch in upward direction. Toopenthe glass press the switch in downward Power windows can be operated for 30 seconds inIGNOFFand

KEY OUT positions, provided the doors are closed. Automatic window closing upon vehicle locking The automatic window closing can be enabled disabled in instrument panel Menu - Vehicle setting - Door and windows - Window - close windows when door locked. After enabling the auto window closing upon locking, long-pressing the

One-button lowering of driver s side power window The power window has the onebutton lowering function. Press the switch to the bottom (2nd gear) and release, and the window will be lowered to the fully-open position automatically. To stop lowering the window, pull upward the button and release (short press is ok). One-

Button Lowering of Driver s and Front Passenger s Side Power Windows. One-button rising of four-door power window One-button ascending is available in power window. To close the window, pull upward the switch tothetop (2nd gear) and release, and the window will be raised automatically to the fully-close position. To stop OPENING CLOSING

Learning, it is recommended to drive center for check and repair. Window motor thermal protection is a protection function of preventing the window regulator motor from overheating duetolong-time use. The motor will not work or the working frequency will be reduced to prevent the motor from being damaged when the motor reaches

The preset temperature limit. Please do not continuously and frequently lift the window. Window child safety lock The window child lock function can be enabled disabled in instrument panel Menu - Vehicle setting - Door and windows - Window - Window child lock. In such case, the window canonlybe operated on driver sStartingyourEV

Raising the window, press down the button and release (short press is ok). One-button Rising of Driver s and Front Passenger s Side Power Anti-pinch function of power The power window that has the onebutton rising function also has the pinching injuries. The power window will be lowered automatically for a certain distance incaseofany

Obstruction initsone-button rising Initialization learning of power The driver s side window may lose the one - button rising and lowering functions in some cases, such as disconnection. In such cases, the window initialization learning shall be conducted rst. First, pull upward the driver s side switch till the

Window glass is closed completely, and continue to pull upward the switch for at least 5s and release it. Now the initialization learning is completed. Iftheone-button rising OPENING CLOSING StartingyourEV Assist armrest On the front passenger side and above the rear seat are installed the folding auxiliary armrests.

The assist armrest can provide easy access foryouand your passengers. Passengers can also hold onto the armrest to maintain a comfortable position atahigh speed. When the vehicle is in highvoltage READY operate the electric sunroof on instrument panel. Power sunroof sunshade Sunroof shade The panoramic sunshade can be

Operated in instrument panel under Door Window Sunshade. 1. Press All Close, the panoramic sunshade closes, and the degree of closure is 0. 2. Press All Open, the panoramic sunshade opens, and the degree of opening is 100. 3. Slide to adjust: the opening degree ranges from 0 to 100. Initialization learning of sunroof

The sunroof may lose its one-button opening or closing function in some cases, suchasthe replacement of sunroof glass or motor. In such cases, the sunroof initialization learning shall be conducted rst. In the state where the sunroof is completely closed, set instrument OPENING CLOSING OPENING CLOSING StartingyourEV

Panel settings under Menu - Vehicle initialization and click on Sunshade Initialization, the sunshade will completion of the initialization learning process. Iftheone button opening or closing function is still unavailable initialization learning, it is recommended to drive center for check and repair. StartingyourEV DRIVING CONTROLS

Vehicle control Do not slide the vehicle with the power turned o. In such case, many systems (e. g. brake booster) cannot work. Driving inthiswaywillposea danger to yourself and others. To ensure that the pedal travel is unhampered, theoormatinthe pedal area shall not be excessively thick, and no article shall be placed in the pedal area.

Emergency measures Ifonetireis punctured when the vehicle is running, the driver shall hold the steering wheel tightly to control the driving direction, slowly decelerate, turnonthe hazard asher, and gently depress the brake pedal toparkthe vehicle inasafeDonot brake suddenly when one tire is punctured. Braking suddenly

Will cause the vehicle to tilt towards one side, andthusan accident mayStartingyourEVOne fault exists When the vehicle is running if one fault exists when the vehicle is running, the driver shall turnonthe decelerate, and park the vehicle inasafeareaatthecurb. 50 m behind the vehicle in the daytime while placing itata position

100 m behind the vehicle at night. Please follow traiclawsand regulations. After inspection, send the vehicle to the second row of seats or handed over toyoubya salesperson when the vehicle is delivered. Operation in heavy snow Decelerate when the vehicle turns a corner, runs uphill or crosses a Please avoid parking onthehard

Shoulders asthiscan hinder snow Please keep safe distance from unnecessarily will be limited. StartingyourEV DRIVING CONTROLS Wading is only necessary for emergency situations. Donotwade Vehicle Event Data Recorder (EDR) System Your vehicle is equipped with the Event Data Recorder (EDR). It can automatically record

Information about the vehicle s operation and safety system status for a period of time (Data about 5 seconds before the accident and data about 150 milliseconds after the accident) before and after a speci c event suchasa vehicle e ectively solve the di iculties to determine the cause of accidents and to identify the responsibility of

Support fortheroadtraic accidents, ensure the fairness and justice of accident processing, and help create agoodand orderly roadtraic environment except in an emergency. If water enters the air around the vehicle can prevent di iculty in starting the vehicle. Incaseof emergency, passenger cars, new energy vehicles and HEVs

Can pass through the accumulated water with a maximum depth of 200 mmata speed no more than 10km h; trucks and SUVs can pass through the accumulated water with a maximum depth of 300 mmata speed no more than 10 km h. The drive shall be more careful in owing water. When wading, the vehicle shall be kept atalow speed and shall not be stopped.

After wading, check whether the brake, horn, vehicle lighting, and power steering of the steering wheel function wellassoonas Vehicle event data recorder (EDR) Your vehicle is equipped with the Event Data Recorder (EDR). It can automatically record information about the vehicle s operation and safety system status for a period of

Time (Data about 5 seconds before the accident and data about 150 milliseconds after the accident) before and after a speci c event suchasa vehicle collision. The system can e ectively solve the di iculties to determine the cause of accidents and to identify the responsibility of accidents, provide e ective support

Fortheroadtraic accidents, ensure the fairness and justice of accident processing, and help create agoodand orderly roadtraic environment. StartingyourEV DRIVING CONTROLS Cruise control system: Cruise control on o: press the steering button.: Scroll up: Increase cruise target: Scroll down: Decrease cruise target speed.

: Cruise on: Shift lever down In principle, the cruise control expressways or totallyclosed Itisnot allowed tousethe cruise control system in rainy, icy and snowy weather, and on hillside roads or denselycrooked roads. Avoid using cruise control on rough roads or heavily tra icked routes. StartingyourEV When the cruise control system is

Activated, the vehicle will maintain the set speed. Depress the brake pedal, and the function will be immediately canceled. You can also cancel the cruise control by using the parking brake or by exiting the cruise mode. The system is enabled when the vehicle speed is between 40 kmhand 130 km h. Step 1: Start cruise

When the vehicle is in REARY state, press the button or shift to Drive (D) by moving the shift lever down twice. The cruise indicator on the indicating that the cruise control DRIVING CONTROLS system is in standby mode. Pressing or will activate the cruise control, and the cruise indicator on the instrument cluster will remain lit,

Displaying the cruise target speed. (For example, if the driver wishes tosetthe vehicle speed to 100 km h, they must rst bring the vehicle s speed within the range of 40 kmhto 130 km h. Press the button or shift the shift lever down twice, then press or. Release the accelerator pedal, and the vehicle will accelerate to and maintain aa speed

Of 100 km h.) After setting the cruise speed, the driver can still use the accelerator pedal to accelerate the vehicle in the usual way. Within a certain period of time and when the vehicle speed does not exceed the target value of cruise control by 20 km h, the system will restore the vehicle speed to the originally set cruise speed after the

Driver release the accelerator pedal. Cruise control canonlybe activated when the vehicle isina forward gear, the driver sseatbeltis fastened, the brake pedal is not pressed, and the vehicle speed is within the rated value. The maximum speed inECOmode cruise control is 80km hStartingyourEV Step 2: How to cancel cruise mode

If there s an emergency ahead during cruise control and you need to slow down quickly, press the brake pedal or shift the gear selector up two gears to exit cruise mode. The cruise standby mode. To completely exit cruise control, press button and the cruise control indicator will turn Step 3: Resume cruise mode When the vehicle exits cruise mode

And enters standby mode, press to resume cruise control atthelastFor instance, if the vehicle was cruising at 60 km h, then slowed to 50 km h after braking, the cruise indicator ashes. Press to restore the cruise indicator to DRIVING CONTROLS automatically accelerate back to 60 kmhand resume cruise control. Step 4: How to promote cruise

Control speed You can increase the cruise speed by pressing instead of using the accelerator pedal. Each time the button is pressed, the vehicle speed will increase by 5 km h. Long press to continuously increase the vehicle speed by 1 km h. Once the button is released, the current driving speed will be stored in the memory and the

Vehicle will maintain the speed. Step 5: How to reduce cruise control speed Press to decrease the cruise speed. Each time the button is pressed, the vehicle speed is decreased by 5 km h; Holding the button down decreases the speed continuously by 1 km h.; once the button is released, the current driving speed is stored in the

Memory and the vehicle cruises at this speed. When parking onaramp, press the brake pedal and apply electronic parking brake. On an uphill slope, turn the front wheels away from the road shoulder. On a downhill slope, turn the front wheels towards the road Avoid parking or driving over ammable materials like straw and

Hay. If you must pass over them, park the vehicle afterward to ensure these materials are not stuck to the chassis. Hightemperature parts on the chassis could ignite these materials, potentially causing a re accident. StartingyourEV DRIVING CONTROLS Crawl mode allows thecarto move slowly inDorR gear without pressing

The accelerator or brake pedal, and with the EPB released. It maintains a low speed until reaching a maximum limit (7 kmhforD gear, 6 kmhforR gear). The maximum crawling speed hcanvary based on terrain and load 1. When leaving the seat, engage the electronic parking brake or shift toPNfor vehicles with creep function.

2. Ensure theEPBis fully released when using the creep function. requires the driver ssidedoortobe closed, seat belt fastened, and automatic parking function 4. Use the creep function only for driving assistance, not for staying on slopes, as there sariskof slipping. 5. On snowy or icy roads, the creep function may not maintain a

Constant low speed. Drive cautiously in such conditions. 6. Creep function cannot be used when the intelligent driving assistance function is active. Electronic shifter Follow the markings on the lever when shifting. You can only drive in gear when the vehicle isinthe READY state. Before selecting DorR gear,

Press the brake pedal; otherwise, you cannot engage the gear. Press the brake pedal, select the Drive (D) mode for forward motion or Reverse (R) mode for backward motion, then move the electronic shift lever upward to shift to the electronic shift lever downward to shift to the Drive (D) mode. As shown in the figure, press the

Gearshift button to shift to P position (parking). Please apply the EPB when parking. Release the EPB before driving. The current gear (P, R, N, D) is displayed on the instrument cluster StartingyourEVR: Reversing D: drive gear Driving mode adjustment: Economic mode Economic mode Standard mode Sports mode The economy mode, economy

Mode, standard mode and sport modecanbe switched in SettingsVehicle-DrivingDriving Mode of instrument panel. Do not allow children to operate the gearshift knob to avoid accidental start of the vehicle. When the gear isinR, turning the gearshift knob left returns the gear position to N. When the gear isinD, turning the knob right keeps the

Gear position in D. When switching between DgearorRgear, press the brake pedal to ensure the vehicle speed is less than 3 km h. Otherwise, the gear cannot be engaged. DRIVING CONTROLS Instrument controls Control device l Wireless charging Instrument cluster l Instrument cluster l Driving mode l Exterior lighting l Interior lighting

L Interior ambient lamp Temperature control system l Air outlet Interior Features InteriorFeatures Instrument Panel 1. Side air outlet 2. Glove box switch 3. USB interface 4. Defrost air outlet for front 5. Cup holder button instrument cluster button 6. Defrost air outlet for front 7. Windshield air outlet 8. Central air outlet

9. Infotainment vehicle control 10. Audio system control key Cruise control key Advanced 11. Shift lever 12. Instrument cluster button audio system control 14. Vehicle lamps, turn signal lamps 15. Defrost air outlet for front 16. Side air outlet 17. Airbag - driver horn switch 18. Electronic parking brake switch 19. Emergency power-o switch

20. Cowl hood release handle 21. Accelerator pedal 22. Brake pedal 23. AC temperature control button 24. Air recirculation mode button 25. Rear defroster button 28. Auto AC button 29. ACono button 30. Driving mode button 31. Fan speed control button 32. Cup holder 33. USB Interface 34. Rear console air outlet 35. 12V on-board power supply

36. Key induction area INSTRUMENT CONTROLS InteriorFeatures Emergency power-o switch If the vehicle is moving slower than 2 km h, pressing this switch will immediately turnothe power. If the vehicle is moving at 2 kmhor faster, youcanturnothe power by either holding the switch for 5 seconds or pressing it three times in two seconds.

In an emergency, you can restart this function, butonlyif certain conditions are met (details on these conditions are typically in the vehicle s manual). PEPS System Active: The Passive Entry and Push Start system must be working. Brake Switch: The brake switch must be functional. Speed: The vehicle must be moving slower than 2 km h.

Emergency power-o: Activating thiswillcuto power immediately. Only useitin emergencies. Hazard lights: Turn on and keep your hazard lights on before using the emergency power-o. Vehicle position: Safely move the vehicle to the roadside or an emergency lane where itwont disrupt tra ic before using the emergency power-o.

Meters behind your vehicle. On an expressway, place it 150 meters Driver s seat: Either the driver s seatbelt must be fastened or the driver s gravity sensor mustbeKey: Thekeyor Bluetooth keymustbe inside the vehicle and working. Brake pedal door: You must press the brake pedal oropenthe INSTRUMENT CONTROLS InteriorFeatures

In an emergency Turnonthe hazard lights, Park the car, Wearthere ective vest provided, tra ic rules, Movetoasafearea, Contact the appropriate authorities or services. triangle, then quickly move the driver and passengers to the right shoulder or emergency lane. service center for assistance. On the expressway, follow regulations

Ifyouneedtocallthe police. Restarting the vehicle: If the danger is resolved or the power-o was accidental, you can restart the vehicle. Before doing so, check the vehicle and surroundings to make sure the emergency is over. Press the center of the steering wheel to sound the horn. Control device Tilt telescopic adjustment: adjustment:

Steering wheel angle so it points toward your chest, not your face. Steering wheel adjustment INSTRUMENT CONTROLS InteriorFeatures 2. Telescopic adjustment: Slide the steering wheel inorouttoa comfortable distance. 1. Pull out the adjustment lever. 2. Adjust the steering wheel to your desired angle and distance.

3. Push the lever backintolockthe steering wheel. 4. Ensure the steering wheel is securely locked in position before Adjusting the steering wheel: Only adjust the steering wheel when the vehicle is fully stopped. You can adjust its angle with these steps: adjustment lever. 2. Adjust the steering wheel to your preferred position.

3. Push the lever backintolockthe steering wheel. 4. Ensure the steering wheel is securely locked. CONTROL DEVICE The driver must maintain full control of the steering wheel while driving. Do not adjust the steering wheel while the vehicle is moving, asitcan cause loss ofTousethe front windshield wiper: 1. Turnonthe power switch.

Washer control lever. The front windshield wiper has these 5 positions: of: Wipers are turned o. automatically adjust speed based on rainfall. LO: Wipes continuously at low Front windshield wiper InteriorFeatures Wiper sensitivity adjustment: 1. Access settings: Gotothecars infotainment system. 2. Navigate: Doors Windows Wipers

Wiper Sensitivity. 3. Adjust sensitivity: Choose from 7 levels (1 to 7) tosetthe sensitivity for automatic wiper operation. The starting position adjustment automatic wiper activation. The higher the position, the easier itisto initiate wiping, resulting inamore sensitive detection for light rain. This adjustment only a ects when

The automatic wipers turn on, not their speed. The wiper speed adjusts automatically without manual input. Evenifthe wiper switch issetto AUTO, the driver should still manually control the wipers to maintain a clear view. CONTROL DEVICE HI: Wipes continuously at high MIST: Push the lever uponcetowipethe windshield once.

When the lever is pushed down one gear from the of position to the function. Depending on the rainfall, the front wiper will automatically turns onoroandthe wiping speed can be automatically adjusted whenitis turned on. InteriorFeatures Front windshield washer To spray cleaning uidonthe front windshield:

1. Ensure the vehicle isintheHV READY state. 2. Press the button to spray water onto the front windshield. 3. The spraying stops when you release the button. 4. Ifyoupullthe control lever for more than 1 second, the wipers will run for 3 cycles at low speed before stopping. Blurred view: A blurred view can cause accidents and damage.

Ensure your windshield is clear to property damage. In cold weather: If the wipers are frozen, spray warm water to deice them, thenwipeothe water immediately to prevent refreezing. CONTROL DEVICE Re lling washer uid 1. Open the engine hood cover 2. Open the washer uid reservior 3. Rellthe washer uidtothe maximum level

InteriorFeatures Avoid dry glass: Donotusethe wipers on dry glass, asthiscan damage the blade. Limit washer use: Do not operate the windshield washer for more than 10 seconds atatime, and avoid using itifthe washer uid reservoir is empty. Overuse or running the washer dry can overheat the motor andleadto costly repairs.

Instrument panel USB interface AUSBport under the central control panel can charge phones and connect data cables. The charging power supply can be used when the vehicle isinthe READY HV state. Console rear USB interface The USB interface is positioned behind the console and provides charging power for rear passenger.

The charging power supply can be used when the vehicle isinthe READY HV state. CONTROL DEVICE InteriorFeaturesOn-board power interface A 12V 120W power socket is located in the front armrest box. It only works when the vehicle isinthe READY HV Dashcam USB interface Your vehicle is equipped withaUSB

Interface of the vehicle traveling data recorder, which is located onthebackofthe interior rearview mirror to facilitate the power supply of the vehicle traveling data recorder. CONTROL DEVICE InteriorFeatures Wireless charging The wireless charging function for a mobile phone is realized without the

Necessity for a connection cable. It is achieved using electromagnetic Wireless charging system for mobile phones The wireless charging function does not apply to all mobile phones, only brands models with wireless charging function. Wireless Charger inthecarcanbe used to charge Qi certi ed mobile phones wirelessly. Mobile phone

(Receiver) controls the power transfer from the Wireless charger intheCar (Transmitter). So, Charging rateofthe phone will vary based on type brand of phone The wireless charging function does not apply to all mobile phones, only brands models with wireless charging function. For using a mobile phone without wireless charging function, need to

Use Qi certi ed accessories CONTROL DEVICE InteriorFeaturesThe wireless charging area is located inthearea shown in the figure. The charging function is enabled when the START STOP Switch is placed intheACCON READY positions. Place the phone face up horizontally in the charging area, which canbeusedfor wireless charging.

Wireless charging of mobile phones Ensure that phone is kept properly on the charging pad. There is possibility of inadequate charging if the mobile phone is not resting properly on the charging pad, in such conditions the phone should be lifted and placed back properly. Donotkeepany metal object in the charging pad along with Mobile

Phone. Itwillaect phone charging performance. Also, it may cause overheating of phone and metal manufacturers may display charging indication on weak current and no increase in net charge. This isduetothe particular characteristic of the smart phone and does not imply a malfunction on wireless charging For certain mobile phones with their

Own protection, the wireless charging speed may decrease sometimes, and the wireless charging may stop. When the wireless charging system of the mobile phone is being used, make sure that the smart key is 20cm or more away from the wireless charging Only one mobile phone can be charged atatime. CONTROL DEVICE InteriorFeatures

1. On bumpy roads, the wireless charging function of the mobile phone may intermittently stop and resume. If the mobile phone deviates from the charging area and stops charging, itwillneedto rechargeable area. Note: The size of each brand of mobile phone is di erent, and the position of the charging coilonthe mobile phone

Is di erent. Please adjust the position of the mobile phone accordingly. In addition, the case of some mobile phones mayhavean impact on wireless charging. Itmaybe necessary to adjust or remove thecaseto achieve wireless charging. 2. If the mobile phone cannot be charged correctly, please make sure that there is no foreign

Matter in the wireless charging area or wait for the wireless charging area to cool down before further attempts. If it still fails, Dealership. The wireless cellular phone charging system may not support certain cellular phones, which are not veri edforQI speci cation. Few wireless charger cellular phone have limited charging

Performance, and this isdueto inbuilt protection added by phone manufacturers. Eg. Latest iPhone models have inbuilt Mag safe technology which performance. CONTROL DEVICE The wireless charging e iciency may reduce when there is a heavy accessory cover on the smart Items like vehicle Keys, Pen, Coins, Magnetic components

Such as credit card, telephone transportation ticket or any metallic objects should notbekepton Wireless charging pad charging. They may get damaged andmayalsoaect mobile charging performance. When any smart phone without a wireless charging function is placed on the charging pad, It does notaectthe vehicle or the smart phone inanyway.

InteriorFeatures 1. FCS Indicator 2. Front Passenger sSeatBelt 5. Charging Cable Connection 6. Rear Fog Light Indicator 7. Low Beam Indicator 8. High Beam Indicator 9. Position Indicator 10. READY Indicator 11. Automatic Vehicle Hold (AVH) Working Indicator Instrument cluster 12. Automatic Vehicle Hold (AVH)

13. Electronic Parking Brake (EPB) Working Indicator 14. Electronic Parking Brake (EPB) 18. Tire Pressure Monitor System (TPMS) Fault Indicator 20. Electronic Stability Control (ESC) State Indicator INSTRUMENT CLUSTER InteriorFeatures 21. Electronic Stability Control (ESC) of Indicator 22. Battery Pack Heating Indicator

23. Energy Recovery Indicator 24. Engine Compartment Opening 27. 12V Battery Fault Indicator 28. Charging Status Indicator 29. Traction Battery Thermal 30. Left Turn Signal Indicator Hazard 31. Gear Display 32. Right Turn Signal Indicator 33. Immobilizer System Indicator 35. Constant Speed Cruise Work Status Indicator 36. ACC speed set indicator

37. Drive Power Limit Indicator 38. ABS Indicator Corrective Steering Function 41. ACC Indicator 42. Driving mode 43. Display 44. Vehicle Status Display 45. Tire Pressure Monitor System 47. SOC Indication 48. Traction battery low SOC INSTRUMENT CLUSTER InteriorFeatures Speedometer It displays the vehicle speed. SOC indicator

The traction battery s State of Charge (SOC) is displayed from 0 to 100. Battery percentage between 20 to 30: TheSOCbaris Battery percentage between 0 to 20: TheSOCbarisred, urgently needed. Motor speed battery voltage battery current meter motor speed 9999 rpm Voltage 99 V current 999 AOnthe lower leftofthe instrument,

You can switch to display the motor speed battery current meter. It displays the motor speed per minute. This parameter displays the battery voltage. Display battery Please keep the speed within the limit when driving in a speed limit battery run completely out of power. Always keep enough charge for your next trip.

2. When the low traction battery signi cantly reduced. Avoid driving on expressways or overpasses and charge the battery assoonas possible. INSTRUMENT CLUSTER InteriorFeaturesThe trip and total mileage are Switching modes: Short press the right sideofthe steering wheel instrument cluster control mode. Navigating pages:

Turn upwards: Scrolls to the previous page. Turn downwards: Scrolls to the next page. To reset the trip mileage, go to Settings Vehicle Vehicle The actual endurance mileage is related to various factors such as current road conditions (suchasalong steep slope), driving habits (such acceleration deceleration), temperature (such as temperature),

Electrical equipment (suchasAC) isKeepthe motor speed under 7000 rpm. Running at high speed foralongtimemay overheat and damage the motor. It is lawfully forbidden to adjust the odometer for illegal purposes. The range is estimated for the reference of the driver and passengers only. It indicates the mileage which the

Vehicle can be driven with the remaining SOC. INSTRUMENT CLUSTER InteriorFeatures Gear display It displays the gear status. R: reverse gear P: Park gear Display the current driving modeinthe lower right corner (Eco mode, Eco mode, Standard mode, Sport Driving mode The economy mode, economy mode, standard mode and sport

Modecanbe switched in SettingsVehicle-Driving-Driving Mode of instrument panel. Eco mode: Extreme energy-saving mode, where the overall vehicle thermal management e iciency is reduced, energy recovery intensity issettothe highest, maximum speed is restricted, driving experience isnotgood, but it supports the longest

Range, with a maximum speed limit of 80 km h. Eco mode: Weaker acceleration in Standard mode: Moderate acceleration in this mode. Sports mode: Stronger acceleration in this mode. INSTRUMENT CLUSTER Control indicators Ready indicator illuminates, the vehicle is ready to drive. Forthisto happen: 1. The legal keymustbe inside the

Press the brake pedal until the READY indicator on the instrument cluster illuminates, and the vehicle enters the READY state. Charging status indicator High voltage mode: When the door is opened and the vehicle isinhigh voltage mode, this indicator lights upbrieyandthen turns o, showing that the charger is functioning

Charging: The indicator lights upwhenthe vehicle is charging. Itwillturnoonce charging is complete. Low Battery: If the indicator stays on continuously and the traction battery s state of charge (SOC) isverylow, charge the battery assoonas possible. InteriorFeatures INSTRUMENT CLUSTER InteriorFeatures

Charging cable connection High voltage mode: When the door is opened and the vehicle isinhigh voltage mode, the indicator brie y lights upandthen turns o, showing that the charging circuit is normal. Charging: The indicator lights up No illumination: If the indicator does not light up during charging, connectors are securely connected.

Energy recovery indicator When the battery packcanbe charged and the vehicle isathigh speed with the accelerator released or brake applied, the system recovers energy by converting mechanical energy into electric energy, which is stored in the traction battery to extend the driving range. Energy recovery: The indicator lights

Up and power is shown as a negative value when the system is working. Limitations: 1. No energy recovery if the battery pack cannot be charged. 2. Energy recovery is limited in cold conditions and cannot occur below -10 C. 3. Energy recovery is not possible if the vehicle speed is below 8 km h. 4. Energy recovery is paused when

ESC is activated. It resumes after ESC is deactivated for 1 minute. INSTRUMENT CLUSTER InteriorFeatures Turn signal indicator The turn signal indicator hazard ashers are working. If the green arrow does not blink when using the turn signal or pressing the replace thefuseorbulbif needed. 5. No energy recovery iftheABSMIL

Or ESC indicator is on. In some cases, the energy recovery indicator might not light up, but energy recovery could still occur at a lower power. To adjust the energy recovery 1. Default setting: Energy recovery issetto standard mode by default. 2. Adjusting: Go to Settings Vehicle Driving Energy Recovery Modeinthe infotainment system.

Choose from three levels: Weak, Standard, and Strong. increases gradually from Weak to These indicators are crucial for driving safety. Iftheturn signal or hazard asher bulbs are burnt out, replace them immediately. Failure to maintain these indicators can injuries, and damage to the vehicle or other property. INSTRUMENT CLUSTER

InteriorFeaturesthe door is opened orisnot completely closed. If the ashing time is shorter than normal, it indicates that the turn signal lamp bulb has burnt outandmustbe replaced. When the vehicle is powered on, this indicator will illuminate, and the READY lamp should illuminate andthenturno, indicating that the 12V

Battery is connected normally. If this indicator illuminates at any other time, it indicates that the 12V battery is being orhasa fault. Please charge the 12V battery rst. If you encounter anyofthe following situations, contact the nearest JSW MG authorised service center for a vehicle inspection: 1. The lamp does not illuminate

When the vehicle is powered on. 2. The lamp lights upbutdoesnot while the READY indicator turns o, indicating the vehicle cannot INSTRUMENT CLUSTER InteriorFeatures Battery pack heating indicator The battery pack heating indicator lights upinlow temperatures to show that the system is heating the battery temperature.

During charging: The indicator will illuminate to indicate that the battery is being heated to ensure it charges safely. After full charge: If charging power is not disconnected in cold weather, the indicator remains on, showing that the system continues toheatthe battery to reach an optimal temperature. Thislampisa state indicator, not a

Malfunction indicator light (MIL). It does notaect driving and should notbeon while driving. If it lights up during driving, contact the nearest High beam indicator The high beam indicator illuminates when the headlamp high beam is Low beam indicator The low beam indicator illuminates when the headlamp lowbeamis INSTRUMENT CLUSTER

InteriorFeatures When the vehicle is powered on, the illuminate to show that the system is self-checking and that the lamp is functioning. It should turn o after a few seconds. authorised service center if: 1. The lamp does not light upwhenthe vehicle is powered on. 2. The lamp stays on continuously. 3. The lamp lights up while driving,

Indicating a potential ABS fault. Although the vehicle can operate normally without ABS, it s strongly recommended tohavetheABS inspected and repaired assoonasRearfog light indicator The indicator illuminates when the rear fog lamp is turned on. Refer to relevant contents in Section Rear Fog Lamp of Chapter Lighting. Position indicator

This indicator illuminates when the position lamp is turned on. INSTRUMENT CLUSTER InteriorFeaturesmay signal that the braking system is not functioning properly. If the brakes arenotin good working condition, itcanleadto collisions, personal injuries, and damage to your vehicle or other property. INSTRUMENT CLUSTER Exterior lighting

Lighting switch Youcansetthe lighting status in Menu - Vehicle settings - Lights - Headlight setting to options like Auto, Low beam, Position lampandTo switch on the high beam: 1. Make sure the headlamp isonlow 2. Push the control lever towards the instrument panel. 3. The high beam indicator will light 4. Push the lever to turn the high

Beam onoro. InteriorFeatures approaching vehicles or a vehicle ahead, switch from high beam to low beam. High beams can temporarily blind other drivers, increasing the risk ofaOFF: All lights are turned o. AUTO: Lights turn on automatically. Position lamp: Interior switch backlight, position light, and license plate light are on.

Low beam: Low beam andallthe above lights are on. The default setting is Auto, which activates every time the power is Headlamp flashing To activate the headlamp high beam 1. Pull the control lever on the right sideofthe steering wheel towards 2. Release the lever after ashing. The lever will return to its normal

3. Keep the lever pulled to keep the high beams on. Press to turn onothe hazard Turn and lane change signal lamp Control lever upward: Activates the left turn signal lamp. Activates the right turn signal After you complete a turn, the signal will automatically stop, and the lever will return to the normal position. For changing lanes:

1. Pull the lever upordowntothe halfway position (not the full turn signal position). 2. Hold the lever until you complete the lane change. 3. Release the lever, anditwill return to the normal position automatically. InteriorFeatures Reversing lamp The reversing light will illuminate when the vehicle isinthe READY state

And the reverse gear is engaged. Brake light The brake lamp illuminates as you depress the brake pedal. Daytime running lamps After the vehicle is started, the daytime running lamp will be turned on automatically; after the position lamp is turned on, the lamp will go out automatically. Rear fog lamp To turn the rear fog light onoro:

1. GotoMenu - Vehicle settings - Lamp - Rear fog light. 2. When the rear fog light is on, the dipped beam will also turn on. Headlamp height adjustment To adjust the headlamp range based on vehicle load: 1. GotoMenu - Vehicle settings - Lights - Headlight setting in the infotainment system. 2. Choose from the following levels

- 0: Front seats occupied - 1: All seats occupied luggage compartment loaded - 3: Driver s seat occupied with luggage compartment loaded Adjusting the headlamp height helps achieve optimal lighting and avoid dazzling other drivers.. Follow-Me-Home Your vehicle has a Follow-Me-Home function that provides lighting when

You leave the vehicle at night after turning o the engine. To adjust the Follow-Me-Home 1. GotoMenu - Vehicle settings - Light - Follow mehomeinthe infotainment system. 2. Choose the delay time for turning o the dipped beam: 15 seconds, 30 seconds, or 60 seconds. The accordingly. After activating the Follow-MeHome function:

Turn the lighting switch control lever towards the steering wheel twice to trigger the delayed turnIf the vehicle is locked remotely, the low beam will turn o automatically after 30 seconds. InteriorFeaturesInteriorFeaturesIfthe vehicle is not remotely locked, the low beam will turn o automatically after 10 minutes.

Interior lighting Front reading lamp The front reading lamp has 2 working: The lamp illuminates and keeps illuminated until it is manually: Thelampisonwhenthe front door is opened, andthelampisowhenthe front door is closed. Please avoid usage of the inside lamps during driving in night or darkness. A bright passenger

Compartment can reduce the visibility exterior ambient and cause collision as a result. Rear reading lampIfthe vehicle is equipped with a reading lampatthe auxiliary armrests on both sides of the rear seat, press the switch on the reading lamp to turn itonoro. Please avoid usage of the inside lamps during driving in night and

Darkness. A bright compartment can reduce the visibility outside and cause collision as a result. InteriorFeatures illumination illuminates as the tailgate is opened. Itgoesout after the tailgate is closed. If equipped, the ambient lights are arranged in the instrument panel and four door storage areas. Ambient lights

Youcanset ambient lights to Auto OnOin Menu - Vehicle settings - Lamp - Ambient light - AutoOnO. Adjustment mode Youcansetxed mode random mode in Menu - Vehicle settings - Lamp - Ambient light - Mode adjustment - Constant Random. Constant mode a. Colour selection You can select the desire colour from the colour panel.

Interior ambient lamp InteriorFeaturesb. Breathing eectYoucansetthe breathing eectof ambient lights in Menu - Vehicle settings - Lamp - Ambient light - Mode adjustment - Constant - Breathing e ect. Random mode On selecting random mode you can Soft smooth all setting and also choose duration of Brightness adjustment

You can adjust the brightness of Settings - Vehicle - Lights - Ambient Lights - Brightness Adjustment. 1. Front Door Window Defogger Air 2. Side Air Outlet 3. Front Windshield Defogger Air 4. Central Air Outlet 5. Floor Air Outlet Front door window defogger air The front door window defogger air outlet isusedto divert theairtothe

Side door window, mainly to the outside rearview mirror area. Side air outlet You can divert air through the two adjustable side air outlets to both sides of the front passenger area ortothe side window. TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEM InteriorFeatures Divert airtothe front windshield. Central air outlet You can control theairow direction

Of the central air outlets. Floor air outlet Theoorair outlet isusedto divert theairtothe front foot area. Ventilation mode Turn the mode selection button to direction. Five ventilation modes are available as follows: In this mode, theairowsout from the central and side air outlets. Face foot mode In this mode, theairowsintwo

Directions. Half oftheair passes through theoorair outlets, and the rest oftheair passes through the central and side air outlets. InteriorFeatures TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEM Most oftheairowsout from theoorair outlet, a small amount ofairowsout from the windshield and the front door window defroster air

Outlet and the side air outlet. Defrosting mode This mode allows airtobe passed defroster air outlet and front door defroster air outlet. Foot defrosting mode In this mode, airowsout from the front windshield defroster air outlet, the front door window defroster air outlet, theoorair outlet and the side air outlet. TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEM

InteriorFeatures 1. Scenario Mode 2. Air Volume Adjustment 3. Front Defrosting 4. Rear Defroster 5. Temperature Adjustment 6. Internal circulation mode 7. External circulation mode Air conditioner interface display 8. AC button 9. Power button 10. Face Blowing Mode 11. Face Foot Blowing mode 12. Foot Blowing Mode

13. Foot Windshield Blowing Mode TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEM InteriorFeatures Turn ontheair conditioning (AC) 1. The vehicle is in READY state. 2. Press the air conditioner (AC) button. WhentheAC button ontheAC page of instrument cluster illuminates, conrmthat theACis 3. Adjust the fan speed. Turn otheAC:

Press the AC button again to make sure that the AC stops refrigerating. Iftheair conditioning system is turned onwhenthe vehicle is powered o, the system will turn on automatically as the vehicle is started next time. Low-SOC AC limit The low-SOC AC limit can be turned onoin instrument panel SettingsVehicle-Energy-Low-SOC AC Limit.

After the function is enabled, when theSOCis lower than 10, the AC refrigeration or heating system will automatically turn o. Please charge the vehicle in time. Internal circulation mode button Press this button during driving on a dusty road, orwhenyouwantto prevent the exhaust or outside smoke entering inside, orwhenyouwantto

Temperature in the passenger area. The indicator will illuminate and the inside air will start to circulate internally. Press this button again to switch to the external circulation mode and the TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEM InteriorFeaturesTheAC system may work only after theACfanis turned on. indicator willgoout. The system

Memorizes the previously set air circulation mode the next time you start the vehicle. After the internal circulation mode is turned on for about 20 min, it will automatically switch to the external circulation modefora while to obtain fresh air. In this period, you may feel that thehotor cool air outside enters the vehicle.

You may feel tired and sleepy after long-time driving in the internal circulation mode. Please switch to the external circulation modeona regular basis to intake fresh air. Front defrosting Press this button to select the front windshield defrosting mode. Turn onthefan. Switch the air blowing mode to defrosting mode, the AC function will

Be automatically activated, andtheAC button will illuminate. Switch the air circulation mode to external circulation. TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEM InteriorFeatures Rear windshield defrosting button In the AUTO mode, the AC system automatically adjusts tokeepthe temperature inside the vehicle within a certain range.

Press the AUTO button, and the AUTO button lights up. At this time, the air volume, cooling heating damper, AC state, air distribution mode, and internal external circulation mode all enter the automatic control state. Iftheair volume, blowing modeorAC state is manually adjusted in the AUTO mode, the adjusted function is

No longer automatically controlled by the system and the AUTO indicator willturno. Other related functions are still controlled by the system automatically. When the air conditioner is powered o, you can press the automatic mode (AUTO) button toturntheAC system on and enter the automatic Rear windshield defrosting button

Press the rear windshield defrosting button toturnontherear windshield defroster on the instrument panel. The button indicator will illuminate. Please turnothe defroster after your view becomes clear. After you press the button, the defroster will work for about 15 minutes andthenturno. TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEM InteriorFeatures

Cause damage to the defroster or scratches on the glass. Itisnot allowed touseany sharp cleaner or that prone to cause glass wear to clean the rear windshield. During vehicle cleaning or when operating near the rear windshield, please take care not to shake or damage the defroster wire. If the driver sviewisa ected, an

Accident can happen, causing personal injuries, damage to the vehicle or property loss. Donotusethe rear windshield defroster under the following circumstances: Snow oricehas deposited ontherear windshield. Common Settings of Air Conditioner Refrigerating device oftheAC system is used to cool down the inside air and

Remove the moisture and dust contained intheair. temperature comparatively high temperature, warm air will be generated inside the conditioner refrigeration function is activated. After the refrigeration turned on, youcannd water drops in the compartment. It is normal that the water drops are formed as water vapor condenses on surface of the

Conditioning As the operation oftheair conditioner compressor needs to consume apartof power. Thisisthe reason whyyoumaynd that the power of the vehicle drops rapidly when the air conditioning cooling function is activated. TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEM InteriorFeaturesTo cool down fast in scorching hot

Days or after the vehicle is exposed to the blazing sunfora long time: 1. Open the windows a little to expel thehotair inside. 2. Turn ontheair conditioning (AC) 3. Activate the internal circulation 4. Switch the air distribution mode to face mode ( ). 5. Adjust the temperature to the maximum coolness. 6. Adjust the fan speed to the

Normal cooling 1. Turn ontheAC button. 2. Activate the internal circulation 3. Switch the air distribution mode to face mode ( ) or dual mode ( ). 4. Adjust the temperature tothecool 5. Adjust the fan speed to the desired Quick cooling Quick heating Activate the rapid heating mode to temperature quickly. It is prohibited to

Activate this mode for a long time, otherwise the inside air quality will decrease and the windows willfogup. To clear upthefogonthe windows, turnothe internal circulation mode so that fresh air enters inside. To acquire the warmest air: 1. Activate the internal circulation 2. Switch the air distribution mode to foot mode ( ).

3. Adjust the temperature to the maximum warmness. 4. Adjust the fan speed to the Normal heating 1. Activate the external circulation. 2. Switch the air distribution mode to foot mode ( ) or dual mode ( ). 3. Adjust the temperature to the warm air area. 4. Adjust the fan speed to the desired TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEM InteriorFeatures

To control theairtoowout from the central air outlet and the side air 1. Activate the external circulation 2. Switch the air distribution mode to face mode ( ) or dual mode ( ). 3. Adjust the temperature tothecool 4. Adjust the fan speed to the desired Ventilation TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEM InteriorFeatures Storage compartments

L Instrument panel central storage box l Storage box sliding curtain l Console storage box l Armrest storage box l Glove boxlMap pocket l Cup holder l Door storage groove and armrest l Storage tank l Rear side wall storage groove and armrest l Backrest hook 1) I nstrument Panel Central S torage 2) S torage box Sliding Curtain

3) C onsole Storage box 4) A rmrest storage box 5) GloveBox 6) M ap Pocket 7) C up Holder 8) Door storage groove and Armrest 9) Rear side wall storage Groove and 10) Backrest hook 11) Luggage 12) Emergency equipment The storage box is positioned below the central control screen. 1) Instrument panel central storage box

If equipped, you can manually slide the curtain toopenthe storage box. 2) Storage box sliding curtain Storage compartments STORAGE COMPARTMENT 3) Console storage box The console storage box is positioned behind the armrest box. 4) Armrest storage boxItis positioned between the front seats. Pulluptoopenthe storage box

Cover and close it after use. 5) Glove boxToopen: Press the knob and open the glove box ap. To close: Lift glove box ap upward until it engages. 6) MAP pocket The map pocket is located on the backside of the front seat backrest. STORAGE COMPARTMENT 7) Cup Holder The cup holder is located on the console between the front seats.

8) Door storage groove and Armrest 2. Storage tank The door storage groove and armrest are located on the front doors andOnthe rear seat armrests, there are also cupholders for some models. When thecaris moving, you must notputan uncovered container of hot drinks inthecup holder. If the someone ormakeit harder to

Control the car. To lower the chance of getting hurt during sudden stops or crashes, don t place a bottle, glass, or similar container without a cover inthecup holder while driving. STORAGE COMPARTMENT 10) Backrest Hook The hook is located at the junction oftheseat backrest and the headrest. Youcanhanga shopping bag or

Other suitable objects onthehookas required. 11) Luggage Store the luggage in luggage compartment. You can keep suitcase, bags, etc Luggage cover is designed only compartment. 9) Rear Side Wall Storage Groove and Armrest The rear side wall storage and armrest in provided in the middle of the rear seat, which can be opened by pulling

The drawstring. Ithasa built-in cup holder for placing your cups and other items. ( if equipped) Donotput anything on the luggage cover because it might block the driver sviewouttheback. If there s an accident or sudden braking, it could injure the people inside the car. STORAGE COMPARTMENT 12) Emergency equipment kit:

You need to know where the emergency equipment isinyour vehicle andhowtouseit. Check this equipment regularly to ensure it s working properly and stored where it First Aid Kit: Therstaidkitis stored in the glove box. It has items for treating minor injuries only. Loading info: Heavy objects in the trunk should

Be placed near the backrest and make sure the seat backrest is secure. Ifyouneedto stack objects, put the heavier onesatthe bottom. Objects should be secured to prevent them from sliding a round. Don t leave loose objects in the Loaded items should not be higher than thetopofthe seat backrest. Nothing should be placed on the

Tailgate panel or instrument panel. Don t cover any sensors on the instrument panel. Objects should not block the pedals, parking brake gear liver not to limit the free driver movement Do not drive the vehicle if the lift gate is open. It is forbidden to place a perfume, cigarette lighter, propane gas cylinder or other combustible

Explosive materials in the vehicle. These items may catch re or explode if the vehicle isleftinhigh Check the contents oftherstaidkit regularly and replace any items that have been used or have STORAGE COMPARTMENT Tool Kit, Tow Hook, Jack And Spare Following parts are provided intheBagasa Toolkit andkeptinthe Spare wheel.

Wheel Spanner Jack Handle STORAGE COMPARTMENT l Jump starting (Dead Battery) l Before jump starting l Connecting the jumper cables Towing the vehicle l Recommended towing procedure l Towing with a wheel lifter l Emergency towing l Spare wheel removal process l Puncture repair kit l Emergency equipment kit l First aid kit

LToolkit, tow hook, jack and spare wheels Emergency Breakdown EmergencyBreakdown Jump Starting (Dead Battery) If you cannot unlock the vehicle with the remote control or if nothing appears on the instrument cluster, the 12V battery might be low. In this situation, youcanuse another vehicle s 12V battery to jump start

Your vehicle, unless youarecon dent in your electrical knowledge andcandoit safely. Before Jump Starting: 1. Place the vehicles close enough so the jumper cables can reach but ensure that their body parts do not 2. Always avoid fansorany moving parts in the engine compartment, even when the vehicles are switched o.

3. Turnoall electrical devices like radios, lights, and air conditioning. Put both vehicles in Park (P) and engage the parking brake. Turnoboth vehicles. 4. Open the hood (bonnet). 5. Takeothe battery cover inside the front trunk. 6. Remove the cover of the engine compartment fuse box. Connecting the Jumper Before jump starting, make sure to

Correctly identify the positive ( ) and negative (-) terminals to avoid reverse polar connections. To jump start the vehicle, follow these Follow these steps to connect the jumper cables correctly and make sure to follow this sequence as shown in the illustration. 1. First, attach oneendofthe jumper cable tothered, positive ( )

Jumper terminal of your vehicle (1). 2. Then, connect the other endofthis jumper cable tothered, positive ( ) battery jumper terminal of the assisting vehicle (2). Turnothe audio and other equipment before jump starting. 3. Next, take the second jumper cable and attach ittothe black, negative (-) battery jumper

Terminal of the assisting vehicle 4. Finally, connect the other endofthis second jumper cable to the black, negative (-) chassis ground of your vehicle (4). Ensure the jumper cables only touch the correct battery or jumper terminals and the proper ground. Avoid leaning over the battery while making connections. 5. After connecting, follow the

Starting procedure togetthe vehicle into the READY state and 6. Keep the vehicle in the READY state oratidleor drive the vehicle to ensure the battery receives independently after the vehicle is turned o. A fully discharged battery mayneedupto 120 minutes (about 2 hours) of runtime to recharge completely. Running the vehicle for less time

Maynotbe enough to restart theIfyour vehicle does not start after several attempts, it needs service. Roadside Assistance or the nearest andletitbe attended by trained professionals. Ifyouare unsure why your battery discharged, we recommend having authorised service center. dedicated charging of the 12V battery assoonas possible.

To safely disconnect the jumper cables, follow these steps in reverse order of connection: 1. Remove the jumper cable from the black, negative (-) chassis ground of your vehicle (4). 2. Disconnect the other endofthis jumper cable from the black, battery chassis ground of the assisting vehicle (3). 3. Takeothe second jumper cable

Battery jumper terminal of the assisting vehicle (2). EmergencyBreakdown 4. Disconnect the other endofthis jumper cable from the red, positive ( ) jumper terminal of your vehicle sequence to avoid any electrical There isariskof battery explosion, which can cause burns from battery acid and could lead to electrical

Short circuits, resulting in personal injury or vehicle damage. Keep the battery away from ames or sparks. Avoid leaning over the battery during jumpPrevent the cable terminals from touching each other. Wear safety goggles when working near the battery. Avoid contact between battery acid and eyes, skin, fabric, or paint surfaces.

Make sure the replacement automotive battery for jumpstarting matches the voltage of the original vehicle battery. Do not disconnect a dead battery from the vehicle. or instructions could leadtoa battery explosion, causing burns from battery acid or electrical system damage in both vehicles, and serious personal injury.

When connecting the jumper cables to charge a vehicle: When jump-starting your vehicle, prevent the positive ( ) and negative (-) cables from touching each other. A spark could result in personal injury. Avoid connecting to the negative (-) terminal of the battery last. - Instead, attach thenalcliptoa metal part ofthecars body, away

From the battery. Do not connect ittoany components. Connecting the jumper cable to the negative terminal ofadead battery could create sparks andleadtothe battery exploding. A spark could cause the battery to explode, resulting in personal injury or vehicle damage. This can cause severe injuries orharmtothe vehicle.

Connecting jumper cables to components can also damage EmergencyBreakdown Avoid using the battery to power periods. This can drain the battery To protect your vehicle fromUseonlya 12-volt power source (battery or jumper system) for jump-starting. Donottryto jump-start your vehicle by pushing it. Always ensure that the battery

Cover and cables are securely tightened after completing the jump start. Failure todoso could damage parts, cause noise issues, or allow foreign substances to enter. Towing the Vehicle If emergency towing is required, we recommend having it performed by a professional tow-truck service. Recommended Towing If your vehicle breaks down, we

Recommend towing itwiththe driving wheels o the ground or placing itona atbed truck, as illustrated. Proper lifting and towing methods are crucial to avoid damaging the vehicle. Using wheel dollies or a atbed is highly recommended. Improperly disposing of a battery can harm the environment and human health. Follow your local

Laws or regulations for proper battery disposal. TOWING THE VEHICLE EmergencyBreakdownFor 2WD vehicles, towing with the front wheels on the ground (without dollies) and the rear wheels o the ground is acceptable. If any loaded wheels or suspension components are damaged or if towing with the rear wheels on the ground is necessary,

Use a towing dolly under therearItis prohibited to allow passengers to be seated in the towed vehicles. Towing speed is not allowed to exceed the safe speed or the indicated road speed limit. It is prohibited to use damaged parts that are not rmly secured onto the vehicle for towing. Failure Guidelines for moving a short

Distance before towing a vehicle: Only move within 394 inches (10 meters) at a speed of 5 kmhror slower, typically when loading ontoatow truck or adjusting Ensure the gear isinN (neutral) and the parking brake is o during this movement. If unable to operate the transmission and parking brake, lift the rear wheels.

Equipment totowthe vehicle. Instead, use plates or wheel lifting If towing the vehicle from the front is necessary, ensure the towing device supports the rear wheels o the ground. The rear wheels should not touch the ground during front towing. Iftherear wheels areonthe ground during towing from the front, it can cause

Signi cant damage tothecars Avoid lifting the vehicle with the tow tting orbodyand chassis parts to prevent potential damage to the vehicle. EmergencyBreakdown TOWING THE VEHICLE equipment. Use wheel lift or atbed equipment. Towing with a wheel lifter Step 1: Installing the Removable Towing Hook: 1. Open the tailgate and take out the

Towing hook from the tool case. 2. Remove the hole cover: lForthe front: Push the lower partofthe bumper hole cover. lForthe rear: Push the upper partofthe bumper hole cover, then pull the lower part. 3. Insert the towing hook into the hole and turn it clockwise until it is fully tightened. 4. After use, remove the towing hook

And reinstall the cover. Please ensure that the towing hook is tightened properly. If not, during towing the towing hookmaybe thrown o the vehicle resulting in serious injury or accident. b. Power o the vehicle. c. Release the parking brake. d. Front wheels must beothe ground when towing. When towing the vehicle with a

Atbed trailer, check thatitisrmly xedtothe trailer. Failure to properly tighten the towing hook may result in vehicle damage and damage of related EmergencyBreakdown TOWING THE VEHICLE Do not exceed 30 kmhwhen distances to 40 km. For longer distances, contact center or professional towing service for assistance. Emergency Towing

If a towing truck is not available during an emergency, you can temporarily secure aropetothe front towing hook under the vehicle for traction. When towing the vehicle using the front towing hook, only useatow rope. Donotusea rigid tow bar. Your vehicle can be towed by other vehicles, but it should notbeusedtotow other vehicles.

Needs to be pulled outofadi icult situation. Always tow the vehicle from the front only. Ensure the tow rope does not touch the bumper. Secure both ends ofthetow rope tightly to the towing hook. Check the rope for any signs of Drive the vehicle slowly and avoid sharp turns to prevent loss of control. Keep the towing distance short

And maintain a low towing Donottowthe vehicle if the wheel, axle, steering, or brakes are damaged. Do not remove the key from the ignition switch to prevent the steering wheel from locking and immobilizing the vehicle. If the vehicle needs to be towed from the front, make sure tousea towing device that lifts the rear

Wheels o the ground. The rear wheels should not touch the ground during towing from the front. Iftherear wheels areonthe ground during towing, it can cause signi cant damage tothecars When towing the vehicle with ropes, there isariskof damage. minimize potential problems: Use the towing hook if other unavailable orifthe vehicle

EmergencyBreakdown TOWING THE VEHICLE Electric vehicle Main components of electric vehicle l Main components l HV battery w HV battery disposal storage guidelines l Common terminologies l Safety of HV system HV system: contact with water VehicleMaintenance Inadequate or incomplete servicing mayleadto operational issues,

Potentially causing vehicle damage, accidents, or personal injury. This chapter o ers instructions for easyIt is crucial to exercise utmost care to avoid vehicle damage or personal inspection procedures. We strongly authorised service center. These dealers meetMGs stringent service technical support to ensure your satisfaction.

Owner s Responsibility Itisthe owner s responsibility to retain records. Keep documents asperthe scheduled service charts provided in the following pages. These records are essential to requirements information. Accessories Retro tting We recommend theuseof original parts and components aswellas those specially suitable for this

Vehicle approved by our company. We are unable to guarantee the compatibility of other products with the vehicle, even if these products meet the speci ed requirements or are otherwise approved. Without the approval of MG, do not retro t the electrical system. Retro tting mayaectthe vehicle performance, safety. Any problems caused by

Retro tting are not within the scope of warranty. The Company corresponding responsibilities for the safety problems caused by retro tting. Vehicle Storage Long-term Storage Clean andwaxthe vehicle. Check the wax coating of front compartment Clean and protect the rubber Drain the washing uid reservoir. according to the speci ed value

Under full load. Charge the traction battery to about 60. Park the vehicle inadryand wellventilated area. Check that theEPBis applied and the vehicle will not move. Close all doors and lock the Disconnect the wire clamp from the vehicle 12V battery negative terminal. Please note that all systems areoutof service at this

Time, e. g., theft alarm system. Traction Battery Recycling Ifyouneedto replace the traction battery, please handover theoldonetoa recycling service station designated byMGfor recycling. Discarding traction batteries will pollute the environment and even cause personal injury. According to the applicable laws and regulations,

This kind of waste must be recycled and disposed of. Refer totheo icial website or service center for speci c recycling VehicleMaintenance When the vehicle istobeput back into service: Connect the wire clamp to the 12V battery negative terminal. Enable the electronic device of power window. Driver Checklist

Regularly check the interior, exterior and front compartment of the vehicle tokeepitsafe andInate tires correctly. (Refer to Wheels and tires in this There is no crack on tire wall or tire tread. There are no foreign matters in tread headlamps, tail lamps, turn signal lamps, brake lamps and rear fog lamps. Liquid Tank

Check whether the level of uid reservoirs under cowl hood is appropriate. Windshield Wiper Check the state of wiper arms and blades. VehicleMaintenance Check whether the steering wheel is too loose (free stroke) Parking Brake Ensure the stroke of parking brake lever is appropriate. Instrument Panel Check whether all instruments,

Lamps work normally. Rearview Mirror Ensure the re ecting surface of rearview mirror isingood state Check whether all rearview mirrors can be readjusted. Check the brake pedal and clutch pedal for appropriate Engine Compartment Front Compartment 2. 12V battery 3. Brake uid reservoir 4. Windshield Front Compartment 1. Brake uid reservoir

4. Brake uid reservoir 12V battery 5. Windshield VehicleMaintenance 12 V Battery The 12V battery isatthe lower right of the front compartment. Wear glasses Wear protective gloves and glasses since battery acid is highly corrosive Open ames, electric sparks, strong light and smoking are Explosive mixed gasmaybe

Children should be kept away from acid and battery Your vehicle is equipped withaMG authorized genuine battery, located in the front compartment. According to the current load condition and battery status, the system may limit the power of some electrical appliances. Please ensure the vehicle is placed in READY mode

Assoonas possible to charge the Best Battery Service DO NOT leave electric components switched onwhennotin READY mode, this may cause the battery to become at, resulting in the failure of the ability to set vehicle into READY mode and the reduction of battery life. Keep the battery top clean and dry. connections clean, tight, and

Coated with petroleum jelly or terminal grease. Rinse any spilled electrolyte from the battery immediately with a solution of water and baking Tighten loose terminals and hold down clamp nuts only enough tokeepthe battery rmly in place. excessively damage the battery terminals. VehicleMaintenanceTo avoid battery discharge, please

Turnothe ignition switch when leaving the vehicle. Do not leave the power tailgate openforalong period of time. This may drain the battery. Unauthorized Electrical Devices The vehicle can detect selfdischarge of the battery duetoover-current that is generated by unauthorized electrical devices such as dashboard camera (dash

Cam) mounting during parking. If external electrical devices are professional Accessoriesaccessories connected to the battery powered outlets should be removed or turned owhenthe vehicle isnotinuseto protect the battery against discharge. It is advisable to avoid useofany accessories such as Power tail gate, Sound system, Interior

Exterior lamps, AC Blower,. etc when engine is switched o. This may cause 12V battery to drain Risk of injury, corrosion, accident and re exists when operating on Wear protective glasses. Prevent acidic or lead particles from falling into eyes, onskinor clothes. Wear protective gloves and glasses since battery acid is highly corrosive

The battery cannotbe turned over because the acid mayowoutoftheair vent. Iftheacid splashes into eyes, wash with clean water forafew minutes, then gotoseea doctor immediately. Iftheacid splashes on immediately neutralize it with rich soap solution and rinse with plenty of water. If you mistakenly drink acid, gotoseea

Doctor immediately. Open ames, electric sparks, strong light and smoking are prohibited Avoid sparking when handling cables removing electrostatic loads. Battery electrode mustnotbe shortcircuited because sparks with high energy poseariskof injury. A battery generates hydrogen gas which is ammable and explosive.

Keep anyameor spark away from the vent holes. VehicleMaintenance explosive mixed gas, you must ensure that the battery airventisopento successfully discharge the gas. The battery should be located inawell ventilated space during Children should be kept away from acid and battery. Turnothe engine, ignition switch

Andallthe electrical appliances appliances. Remove the battery negative cable. Turnothelampinbulb replacement. Please pay attention to the polarity of power supply. check if the polarity of power supply matches before energizing. Each energizing period should not be less than 5 seconds, to avoid frequent or fast onando operation.

Turn oallthe electrical appliances before energizing the battery again. First connect the positive cable, then the negative one. Do not connect the wrong cable - Riskofre Unauthorized installation of battery are prohibited, because in some cases, this operation will lead to serious damage to the battery and fuse box.

Please contact Service Dealer. Do not disconnect the battery when the ignition switch isonorthe engine is running, otherwise it may damage the electrical appliances (electrical components). To prevent the battery case from being exposed to ultraviolet light, do not expose the battery to sunlight. Never attempt to dismantle a

Battery, they are sealed units. While removing the battery, always disconnect the negative terminal rst. And while installing the battery, ensure the negative terminal is connected last. If the battery has been disconnected oranew battery has been installed, the preset radio (if equipped) stations will get reset, once the battery is reconnected.

The replacement battery must meet speci cation recommended battery. VehicleMaintenanceCar Parking Period If the vehicle istobe parked for an extended period of time, the static current electrical appliance (like clock, security devices) will drain the battery, and the battery hastobe recharged. To avoid such case,

Charge the battery or disconnect the battery negative cable during the vehicle parking. Please pay attention to the instructions battery before working on it. It is recommended to ensure the vehicle is placed in READY mode for half an hour every week to help extend the service lifeofthe battery. If the vehicle is stored for more than

1 month, remove the negative terminal from the battery. Make sure that the vehicle power system has been turned o before connecting or disconnecting the negative terminal. Always turnothe ignition switch when parking, otherwise, it will greatly reduce the parking time. Turnothe ignition switch andallIfthe vehicle has been stored for an

Extended period of time, andcannot undercharge voltage 12V), the battery must be removed from the vehicle and charged with ground equipment (operating in accordance with the manufacturer s instructions). When charging withalow current (suchasa small charging device), generally itisnot required to remove the battery connecting cables. But

You must pay attention to the instructions given by the charging equipment manufacturer. Before the quick charge, that is, before the high current charge, you must remove two connecting cables. VehicleMaintenance Please pay attention to the instructions battery before working on it. When charging, the power supply

Switched on only after the charging device electrode chuck clipped to the battery electrode as speci ed. After charging, rstturnothe charging device, unplug the power cord, and then remove the electrode chuck of charging device from the battery. Keep children away from the charging devices. The battery canonlybe charged Smoking, open ame and

Electrical sparks are prohibited, because explosive mixed gaswillbe produced during battery To protect your eyes and face, please stay away from theIfthe acid splashes intoeyesoron skins, rinse with clean water forafew minutes andgotoseea doctor immediately. performed by Service Dealer, because it requires specialized

Replace the frozen or unfrozen battery. Cracking may occur on the battery case because of freezing. Battery acid may leak and damage the vehicle. VehicleMaintenance Checking the Electrolyte Level Check the electrolyte level and speci c gravity at speci c PMS electrolyte levels forallthe cells. If the level is below the lower

Marker, add distilled water until the level reaches the upper Adding distilled water: Remove the vent plugs Add distilled water toallthe cells that require theuidand secure the plugs properly. Battery Removal Turnothe ignition switch and all electrical appliance before removing the battery. To remove the battery, you should

Rst remove the negative cable, next the positive cable, and then remove bolts on the battery retaining bracket, nally remove the battery. Battery Replacement Please gotoanMG Authorised Repairer to remove andretthe battery. OnlytMG recommended replacement functionality. Please note that the ignition switch and the electrical appliance have

Been turned o when installing the Battery needs to dimensionally OK, to avoid terminals fouling with Battery Tray. The used battery should not be discarded at will, foritis harmful to the environment. Itmustbe recycled center for more details. VehicleMaintenance Coolant (1) Coolant (2) The vehicle is equipped with a

Vehicle charging machine cooling system. The cooling system is lled with ethylene glycol coolant. In the correct mixing ratio, this coolant provides excellent corrosion and anti-freeze performance for cooling and warm air systems. Battery Installation Turnothe ignition switch and all electrical appliance before removing the battery.

Place the battery in the mounting position and secure it with battery Secure the positive cable then the negative one, then energize the liable responsible damages injuries, including consequential damages injuries, resulting due to tment ofnonOEM approved batteries. To avoid battery discharge, please turnothe ignition switch when

Leaving the vehicle. VehicleMaintenanceThe coolant reservoir is located onthesideofthe front compartment, and its position is not easily authorised service center to have professional technicians inspect the coolant level, and if necessary, add or replace the coolant. Ordinary water or coolant in wrong

Mixing ratio will cause damage to the cooling system. It is prohibited to use ordinary water, alcohol or methanol on the vehicle for antiUnder pressure, hot coolant and steam may spray out, causing serious personal injuries. It is prohibited toopenthe coolant tank cover before the charger and radiator cool down. The coolant is a dangerous

Avoid repeated or prolonged exposure to coolant. Incaseof contact with coolant, wash the skin and ngernails with soapy water. Keep itoutof reach of children. Coolant is irritating totheskinandcan cause illness or fatal danger incaseof swallowing. VehicleMaintenance Brake and Clutch Fluid The vehicle is equipped with a brake

Uid reservoir. The brake uid is moisture absorbing, andtheuid with excessive water content will reduce the e iciency of the hydraulic brake system. Replace theuidasperthe instructions in this Manual to avoid corrosion of the hydraulic system. Be sure tousethe brake uid recommended by MG. Add uid into the reservoir to reach a proper

Level. The uid level shall not be lower than the MIN mark or higher than the MAX mark. A low level in the brake uid reservoir can be caused by leakage in the brake system or normal wearofthe brake pads linings. Please contact center to check whether the system needs to be repaired. If repairs are necessary, add uid after repairing

The hydraulic brake system. When the brake uid level is lower than the MIN mark, the braking system under Instrument and Control Re lling Brake Fluid 1. Thoroughly wipeothedirt around the reservoir ller cap. 2. Open the ller cap. 3. Fill the brake uid recommended byNotMGtotheMAX mark oftheuid reservoir. Be careful not to

Spill theuidonthe paint s surface. Incaseof spilling on the paint surface, wash the area with cold water immediately. 4. Re-install the reservoir ller cap. Before opening the ller cap, clean the area around the brake Contamination of the brake uid system will aectthe system performance, resulting in costly VehicleMaintenance

The brake uid is irritating to the skin and eyes. Avoid contacting the brake uid with the skin or eyes. Incaseof contact, wash the part in contact with the brake uid with soapy water or hand sanitizer thoroughly. Transmission Fluid Check Reducer Fluid for Leakage This work requires professional skills and equipment. To avoid personal

Injury or vehicle damage, it is recommended that you have this service center. The brake uid spilling over the front compartment may cause a re. An overfull uid reservoir is not allowed. Front compartment re may cause personal injury and damage to the vehicle and other properties. It is prohibited to dispose oftheold brake uid as household

Be sure tousethe local legal waste management agencies. The old brake uid and container are dangerous, andmaybe harmful to health and the Windshield Washing Fluid Before driving, ensure that the volume of the speci ed cleaning uid. In cold weather, the windshield washing uid reservoir cannot be over lled. Washer uid will swell

Under low temperatures due to freezing. An overfull container has no enough space for expansion, thus resulting in damage. VehicleMaintenance authorised service center tollthe correct washing uid. Donotll water or radiator anti-freezing washing uid reservoir. The water will lead the solution to freeze, and the frozen solution will

Damage the windshield washing system. The radiator anti-freeze agent will damage the windshield washing system and vehicle When lling windshield washing uid: It is recommended tousethe ready-to-use special washing uid. If concentrated washing uidisused, please add water to manufacturer s instructions. If the temperature is likely to fall

Windshield washer solvent with good antifreezing performance. Windshield Wiper Foreign matters on the windshield e ectiveness of the wiper. If the blade does not work properly, wipe the windshield and the blade with special or neutral washing uid. Flush with water thoroughly. If substances or materials that cannot be removed from the glass (e. g.

The strips have a layer of graphite on the surface for lubrication and protection. It should be protected from excessive wiping and undue Do not start the wiper when the glass surface is dry. Park the vehicle inacool place asfaras possible to temperature, which will accelerate the aging and deformation of strips.

Remove foreign matters such as bird droppings, dust and leaves from the glass surface before starting the wiper; otherwise, the service life of strips will be reduced. VehicleMaintenance Wiper Repair switch can be turned onoroin instrument panel under Settings -- Wiper Blade Replacement As shown in the figure, adjust the

Perpendicular to the wiper arm, and then press the blade in the direction of the arrow to separate the blade from the wiper arm. Do the opposite steps to install the wiper blade. Brake Pedal Check for Brake Pedal Stroke Brake pedal stroke: To avoid a ecting the pedal stroke, donotlaya thick carpet in the brake pedal area.

The reasonable range of brake pedal free travel is 0 30 mm. If the brake pedal fails to return or the brake pedal stroke becomes inspection. This may indicate faults of the brake system. VehicleMaintenance Fuse replacement: 1. Open the fuse box cover. 2. Identify damaged fuses by nding out blown fuses. 3. Useafuse extractor to remove

The blown fuses. The fuse compartment fuse box cover. 4. Figure out the cause of fuse blowout and remove the fault. 5. Install new fuses with rated requirements. Interior Fuse Box The interior fuse block is located on the instrument panel, and its label is pasted inside the knee bolster at the driver s side. Front Compartment FuseBoxB replacemet

The front compartment fuseboxis located in the front compartment. VehicleMaintenanceItis forbidden to remove a blown fusewitha conductive tool. A fuse remover must be used. Theuseof conductors may cause a short circuit, damage the electrical system or cause a re, resulting in serious personal injury.

Theuseof fuse substitutes orthefusewithan incorrect type and rated value may damage the electrical system or cause a re. Be sure tousea fuse whose type and rated current that meet the requirements. Otherwise, it may cause personal injury and damage the vehicle and other properties. Interior Fuse Box layout The arrangement of the internal

Components ofthefuse boxmaydier depending on the vehicle model or con guration. Please refer to the actual vehicle. Thegasinthe halogen bulb is under pressure. Handle with care and properly dispose of the halogen bulb. Wear safety glasses when removing or installing the bulb. Take care to prevent bulbs from wear and scratches.

When the bulb lights up prevent it from contacting Light up the lamp for test after the bulb being installed. damaged headlamp in time. Do not touch the glass portion with ungloved ngers when replacing the halogen bulb. Keep the bulb out of reach of carefully to prevent personal injury duetobulb explosion. Lamp Bulb Replacement

VehicleMaintenance Clean the halogen bulb with alcohol or mineral spirits and nonwoven fabrics. Do not touch the Fingerprints signi cantly shorten the e ective service lifeofthe halogen bulb. Professional skills and special equipment are required for lamp replacement. recommended that you have this service center. Otherwise, it may

Cause personal injury or damage to the vehicle. Lamp Fogging When the headlamp is on, a large amount ofheatwillbe generated, which needs to be dissipated through the vent hole on the lamp, sothelampisnot completely sealed, and humid air can enter the lamp through the vent hole. When the temperature inthelampis

Obviously higher than the ambient temperature or the ambient humidity is high, for example, incoldor humid weather, orwhenthe vehicle is running in rain, or after it is washed, the water vapor inside the lamp will condense on the surface ofthelamp cover, resulting in water mist (similar to the fogging phenomenon of the

Window glass). It is normal that the lighting function and the service life of headlamps will notbea ected. Park the vehicle inadry, ventilated area and the moisture will gradually dissipate. The water mist dissipates faster when the vehicle is driving with lamps on or exposed to sunlight, but there may still be

Residue at the corners of the lamps. Itmaytake 2-3 days for the water mist to completely dissipate. If there arealotof water drops or accumulated water inthelamp, VehicleMaintenance Bulb Speci cation VehicleMaintenanceBe suretouse wheels and tires of speci ed speci cations. Theuseof wheels and or tires of other

Speci cations abnormal operation ofABSand other relevant components and even cause collision accidents. authorised service center before replacing original tires or wheels. Otherwise, it may cause personal injury and damage the vehicle or other properties. provisions of this Manual soasto ensure optimum matching of driving

Comfort, safety and driveability. Please refer to Technical Data for the correct tire pressure. When the vehicle isina cool state, check the tire pressure with an accurate tire pressure gauge. After check of tire pressure, tighten the valve core cap. Make sure to check the tire pressure when the vehicle isina cool state. It cannot be based on

Temperature has risen. Tires will become hot after traveling for 1. 6 Km and will not cool down Wheels and Tires Original tires guarantee optimum matching of riding comfort, tread life and performance. Thecarisnot provided with spare tire, jack and socket wrench. Ifyouneedto change the tire, please contact the for wheel and tire replacement.

VehicleMaintenance Insu icient Check the tire pressure atleast once a month. Incorrect tire pressure Increase tire wear maneuverability and safety Aectthe riding comfort Reduce the drive economy Vehicle overload is prohibited. Besuretokeepa proper tire in ation pressure. Besureto check thetirein ation pressure atthetime

Temperature). Excessively low tire pressure will cause overheat ofthetire, leading to internal damage and layered tread and even tire burst when driving atahigh speed. Even if the tire pressure is restored later, driving under excessively low pressure may have damaged the tire. Running over sharp objects may damage tires and wheels. Ifitis

Inevitable, please slow down. Do not touch the curb when parking. Regular Tire Check Appearance damage. Foreign matter Protruding on side wall Wheels should also be checked for damage. Tire defects, including those mentioned above, can result inlossof vehicle control and personal Incase of damage or abnormal wear

Of tires or wheels, please consult the for help. The vehicle is equipped with radial tires. MG suggests replacing with radial tires of the same size, pattern, tread wear, temperature and rated speed. VehicleMaintenanceTheuseof tires with di erent size than the original tires may cause component to interfere with each

Other, thus causing damage tothetireand vehicle. If the vehicle is equipped with TPMS, the tire repairing liquid for tire repair may result in the failure ofthetire pressure monitoring system sensor. It is suggested to center for inquiries and repair. Internal tread wear indicator Check the tire tread depth asperthe

Tread wear indicator regularly. The mark on the tire wall indicates the position of the tread wear indicator. The tire must be replaced when the tread wear indicator appears. When the tread depth is equal toorlessthan 1. 6 mmdueto wear, the tread wear indicator will appear between the tread grooves. It is forbidden to drive the vehicle

Incaseoftirewearor damage. Thewornor damaged tires mayleadtothe vehicle out of control and resulting in personal injury and damage of vehicle or other properties. VehicleMaintenance Tire rotation The front tires and the rear tires have di erent functions and therefore have di erent levels of wear.

The front tires wear faster than the rear tires. In order to prolong the tire life and avoid uneven tread wear: 1. Rotate tires according to the 2. Keep a proper tire pressure. 3. Check the tightening of nuts bolts Please use the recommended wheels and wheel nuts bolts. Otherwise, itmayleadtothe vehicle out of control and cause

Collision accidents, resulting in personal injury and damage of vehicle or other properties. Winter Tire Using winter tires when driving onicyand snowy roads can improve the driving safety of vehicles. Please select winter tires with radial tire structure and use such winter tires onallfour wheels. Please use the

Speci ed tire pressure. Do not drive the vehicle at a speed exceeding the maximum speed speci edbythe tire manufacturer. In addition to winter tires, all-weather tires can also be Tire chains are only used for emergencies or in areas clearly denedbylawand should be installed on the drive wheels. Be especially careful when driving the

Vehicle equipped with tire chains. Compared with tires without tire chains, when tires are installed with tire chains, the maneuverability of the vehicle is poor, and the tire chain may damage the vehicle tire, Therefore, use ne antiskid chains asmuchas possible to ensure enough space between the tire and other parts in the wheelhouse.

VehicleMaintenanceThe manufacturer s suggestions must be observed when you use products inside or outside the vehicle. Donotuse dangerous detergent when cleaning the interior and exterior of the vehicle. For Paint diluent Porcelain glaze reducing agent Nail polish remover When you clean the inside and

Outside of the vehicle, the following cleaning agents are prohibited unless special instructions for cleaning stains are included in the fabric cleaning tips: Laundry soap Bleaching powder Reducing agent carefully read the installation and other related instructions ofthetire chains manufacturer. After installation of tire chains, it

Is suggested to drive the vehicle at the speed of below 30 kmhorthe limited speed recommended bythetire chains manufacturer (whichever is smaller). Some cleaning agents are toxic, corrosive or ammable. Improper useisvery dangerous andeasyto cause personal injury or vehicle VehicleMaintenanceDonotusethe following materials

For cleaning: Carbon tetrachloride Gasoline Benzene When using any detergent or other vehicle, please open the doors for ventilation. permanent color change of lightcolored interior trims, do not allow the easy-to-discolor fabrics to come into contact with the seat liner completely dry. Fabrics with easy-todiscolor materials are:

Casual clothes Newspapers and decorative Avoid prolonged exposure to chemical vapors. Such chemical vapor is extremely dangerous and harmful to the health, especially ventilation Clean the inside and outside of the methods and materials. Use a vacuum cleaner or a banister brush to frequently remove dust and scum

That accumulate on the fabric inside the vehicle. Wipe vinyl and leather trims regularly with a clean, damp cloth. Remove dust, spots or stains on trims with a suitable detergent Clean the interior trims of the vehicle with proper cleaning Otherwise, it will produce water during the rst washing. These substances will permanently

Damage the vehicle. VehicleMaintenance Keep seat belts clean and dry. Prevent seat belts from being contaminated by polishing agents, especially battery uid, bleaching contaminants strength of the seat belt material. Check all seat belt parts regularly. Replace any damaged seat belts or parts immediately. The seat belts or

Related parts that are stretched replaced, evenifthe damage is not obvious orisnot visible. The seat belt for replacement mustbenew. MG suggests replacing the whole seat belt assembly after collision. Iftheseatbeltisnot damaged and everything is normal after inspection center, it is unnecessary to replace Theseatbeltmustbekeptina

Maintain its normal function. Glass Surface Make sure that the window glass is clean, which helps reduce glare and improve vision. Front Windshield Outside Cleaning Waxes or other materials on the front windshield and blade may cause the blade to shake when working. Moreover, such foreign matters are not conducive to keeping the front

Windshield clean. Clean the outside of the front windshield regularly with a nonabrasive cleaning agent. Water does not form water droplets on the clean front windshield. scratch the glass and damage the rear windshield defroster grid lines. Donotusethe abrasive Otherwise, it will aectthe driver s vision. The decal will aectthe rear

Window defroster. Do not paste decals on the inner side of the rear windshield. Otherwise, it will aectthe driver s vision. VehicleMaintenance Vehicle Cleaning Besuretoturnothe power before washing the vehicle, and inform the washing personnel that the vehicle is a battery electric vehicle. Donotushits front compartment, front

Grille and traction battery under the vehicle with a water gun. If the front compartment or the front grille and the traction battery under the vehicle are ushed with a water gun, the vehicle may be damaged or electric shock mayThebestwayto maintain the nish paint of vehicles istowashit regularly andkeepit clean.

Park the vehicle in a place out of direct sunlight. Wash the vehicle with the speci ed neutral soap liquid and cold or warm water. Be sure toushthe soap and detergent from the surface. MG vehicles are designed to operate environmental conditions and natural factors. Donotusethe household dishwashing detergent to wash

The vehicle. The dishwashing detergent canwasho paint and Avoid excessive vehicle washing pressure. Water may enter the vehicle and damage the inside. Polishing and Waxing residues from the surface of the vehicle. After polishing, use highquality carwaxfor protection. It is forbidden to clean or polish automotive or chrome polishing

Agent, steam or alkaline soap abrasive and may damage trims and wheels. VehicleMaintenance regularly. They are usually washed with water. When waxing the vehicle, please also wax these bright metal Aluminum Wheels and Wheel Trim Cover Cleaning To maintain the original appearance of the wheel and wheel trim cover (if

Any), do not allow them to collect dust or brake dust. Clean the wheels wheel trim cover regularly. Donotusethe abrasive cleaning agent or brush that may damage the nish paint. Corrosion Prevention MG vehicles are designed to have anti corrosion capabilities. Theuseof special materials and protective paint on most vehicle parts helps

Maintain satisfactory appearance, strength and reliability. Although the surfaces of certain parts inside the front compartment orofthe underbody may rust, the reliability or performance of these parts willbea ected. Damage to Sheet Metal Parts Ifthebody needs to be repaired or replaced, ensure that the repair shop uses proper anti corrosion

Corrosion protection performance. Foreign Matter Deposition damage the paint surface: Calcium chloride and other salts Ice melting agent Road oil and asphalt Sap Bird droppings Industrial dust Remove harmful substances on the vehicle in time. If residues cannot be removed with soap water, a special cleaning agent canbeused.

Donotusethe abrasive cleaning agent or brush to clean the aluminum wheels or wheel trim VehicleMaintenance Finish Paint Damage Repair the gravel scratches, cracks or deep scratches onthenish paint assoonas possible. Exposed metal is prone to corrosion. Quick-drying products canbeusedto repair tiny cracks and scratches. Body and

Paint repair shops can complete large-scale repairs. Use only safe cleaning agents that are not harmful to painted Other cleaning agents may permanently damage the paint. Corrosive substances used for ice prevention may accumulate at the underbody. Failure to remove these substances will accelerate corrosion and rusting. VehicleMaintenance

OPERATION PROCESSES FOR PERIODIC SERVICE SCHEDULE Replacement Frequency: Km Year whichever Vehicle Interior and Exterior Check the function of the parking Inspection only Check the interior and exterior display functions. Inspection only Check the surfaces of windscreen and rear window, and the working condition of wipers and washers.

Inspection only Check the status and function of Inspection only Check various control functions Inspection only Check AC lter, replace if Check the status and function Inspection only Check the conditions of front compartment cover lock, tailgate lock, door locks, hinges, door checks, etc., clean upallthe dust andrell lubricating grease as

Inspection only Front Compartment Check the connection and status of 12V battery. Inspection only Check the high-voltage harness for mutual interference, wear or Inspection only Check the washer uid level andaddtothe standard level as Check brake uid level andaddtothe standard level as necessary. 30 K KM 2 Years

Check transmission uid levels, andaddtothe standard level as 80 K KM 8 Years Check the status of cooling system pipeline and connecting parts. Inspection only OPERATION PROCESSES FOR PERIODIC SERVICE SCHEDULE Replacement Frequency: Km Year whichever Check the level and concentration of coolant, andaddtothe standard level as necessary.

Check the status of AC system pipeline suchasthe compressor, the cooling pipeline and the condenser, and clean relevant surfaces as necessary. Inspection only Check the status of brake vacuum booster and hose. Inspection only Check the drive motor mounting Inspection only Vehicle Bottom Check the appearance of high-

Voltage connector andifitis tted properly; check the surface of high-voltage connector for damage andifitis tted in place. Inspection only Check reducer oil level andaddtothe standard level as necessary. First 5K then every 30 K KM Check the high-voltage harness for mutual interference, wear or Inspection only

Check the appearance of vent valve for damage, and check the marking for tting toseeifitis moved. Inspection only Check the status of manual service switch to ensure reliable mounting and clean upthedustonthe Inspection only Check the mounting position of the cooling water pipe clip to ensure reliable sealing. Inspection only

Symbol Abbreviation: R - Replace I - InspectTop up if require-Adjust-Clean-Re ll. Check the coolant level andtopupas required, replace ifitis contaminated discoloured or there is sludge formation. Tightening of underbody fasteners, door adjustments and functional checks ofallthe systems during every service is mandatory - Check

OPERATION PROCESSES FOR PERIODIC SERVICE SCHEDULE Replacement Frequency: Km Year whichever Check the marking for tting the mounting bolt toseeifitis moved and ensure the bolts are fastened. Inspection only Check the appearance of housing (including the bracket) for crack or deformation. Inspection only Check the appearance of high-

Voltage battery pack grounding wire and replace it as necessary. Inspection only Vehicle Interior and Exterior Check the equilibrium state ofthehigh-voltage battery pack and carry out equalizing charge as necessary. Inspection only Check the status and thickness of front and rear brake pads and brake discs, and replace them as Inspection only

Check brake pipes and hoses for condition and security. Ensure that hoses are not twisted or kinked. Inspection only Check the wheel bearings and drive shaft sleeve. Inspection only Check the suspension and steering system for leakage or wear. Inspection only Check the tread depth toseeifthe tyreiswornor damaged

Abnormally. Check the four-wheel alignment data and perform front and rear wheel rotation as appropriate. Inspection only Check the tyre pressure and make adjustment as necessary. Inspection only Check if the chassis and underbody bolts and nuts are fastened or xed, and replace them as necessary. Inspection only

Symbol Abbreviation: R - Replace I - InspectTop up if require-Adjust-Clean-Re ll. Check the coolant level andtopupas required, replace ifitis contaminated discoloured or there is sludge formation. Tightening of underbody fasteners, door adjustments and functional checks ofallthe systems during every service is mandatory - Check

OPERATION PROCESSES FOR PERIODIC SERVICE SCHEDULE Replacement Frequency: Km Year whichever Use diagnostic software to reset Check for fault codes and determine operation status of the control systems. Inspection only Check the status and function of communication module with the Inspection only Check software version of

Electronic control units and upgrade to latest version if Inspection only Carry out the road test, and check the status and function of power system, brake, steering and other Inspection only Check speci c gravity of the Battery electrolyte Level forallIfthe level is below the marker, pltopupthe distilled water till the uper marker.

Inspection only Symbol Abbreviation: R - Replace I - InspectTop up if require-Adjust-Clean-Re ll. Check the coolant level andtopupas required, replace ifitis contaminated discoloured or there is sludge formation.

Tightening of underbody fasteners, door adjustments and functional checks ofallthe systems during every service is mandatory - Check NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY Terms Conditions 1. General: manufactured tomeetthe regulations and environmental requirements conditions. Incaseyou relocate ittoany other country than INDIA, itmaybe very di icult to

Make modi cations to comply regulations environmental requirements of that country anditmaybedi icult to perform repair service in that country. Please notethata vehicle relocated to any other country than India shall not be covered by the warranty. 2. New Vehicle Warranty 2. 1 Duration New vehicle delivered by an

DEALER, are warranted against manufacturing defects by the Manufacturer. The New Vehicle shall be covered under a a period of 3 years or Unlimited Personal Registration Commercial Registration MOTOR new vehicle warranty starts from the Delivery Date shown in the Owner s Manual issued to the Customer First Owner of the vehicle upon

Ownership of the vehicle does not alter the warranty period of a Battery Pack Battery pack is valid for 8 years or 1, 50, 000 kms (Personal) whichever is earlier 3 years or 1, 00, 000 kms (Commercial) whichever is earlier starting from the Delivery Date. 2. 2 Geographical coverage: 2. 2. 1 This warranty covers any geographical NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY

If the vehicle istobe driven and, more importantly, registered outside the geographical areadened above, such vehicle willnotbe covered under the current warranty as stated herein. 2. 3 The period of warranty on the vehicle shall not be deemed to be extended by repairs or replacements of any parts. transfers the vehicle during the

Period of warranty, it shall be obligation of the subsequent purchaser to notify and inform 2. 5 If the vehicle identi cation number (VIN) of an insured vehicle is declared as total lossbythe insurer, any Warranty, services, i-call, e-callandi- (facilities applicable) provided in respect of such vehicle shall become

Null and void with e ect from the date VIN of such vehicle is declared as total lossbythe Field of Application: 2. 5 The Customer is covered for: consumables and labour) of any material or assembly defect duly found in the vehicle, at their own request, aswellasany repairs on damage caused by this defect to other vehicle parts.

2. 5. 2 24 7 assistance services MOTOR Road Side Assistance 2. 5. 3 Itisthe authorized JSW discretion to decide whether it is appropriate to repair or replace the defective part with new Customer informed. 2. 5. 4 During a capacity check at an Authorised MG EV Dealer ifitis determined that battery packhassuereda capacity

Degradation according totheuseand ageing of the vehicle, acceptable degradation will be deemed excessive loss. Where possible the excessive loss portion will be repaired, if NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY unrepairable the battery pack will be replaced with either a manufactured reconditioned battery as per discretion. warranty conditions contained

The following are the parts not covered by warranty conditions contained herein. Hence, itisfor more details. 2. 6. 1 Battery: The warranty coverage for 12V Battery is valid for 1 year starting from the Delivery Date shown in the Owner s Manual issued to the customer and shall be manufacturer as per their terms and conditions. 2. 6. 2 Tire:

The warranty coverage forTireis valid for 1 year starting from the Delivery Date shown in the Owner s Manual issued to the Customer and shall be provided manufacturer warranty terms and conditions. 2. 6. 3 Infotainment Audio system including T-Box: Infotainment Audio system is valid for 3 years from the Delivery Date shown in the

Owner s Manual issued to the customer and shall be provided by the respective manufacturer conditions. 2. 6. 4 Battery Pack: Battery pack is valid for 8 years or 1, 50, 000 kms (Personal) whichever is earlier 3 years or 1, 00, 000 kms (Commercial) whichever is earlier starting from the Delivery Date. 2. 6. 5 AC Chargers: The warranty coverage for AC

Chargers is valid for 1 year starting from the Delivery Date. It shall be provided by the manufacturer warranty terms and conditions. NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY Vehicle Warranty does not MOTOR authorized workshop shall not be responsible for the following: 2. 7. 1 Normal services other than 3 free limitation, polishing, minor adjustments,

Changes, consumables (like replenishment, retightening, wheel balancing, rotation etc. degradation ofthehigh-voltage battery is within the normal aging level according totheuseofthe vehicle. The criterion for normal aging of high-voltage battery conforms to our internal quality standards. 2. 7. 3 The indirect and remote

Consequences of any fault (loss immobilization, etc.); 2. 7. 4 Vehicle speci cation consequences (deterioration, premature wear and tear, alterations, etc.) of the vehicle parts or components, oronits speci cations; 2. 7. 5 The costs incurred by the 2. 7. 6 Replacement of parts due to normal wear and tear resulting from useofthe vehicle

Orfromits mileage including but absorbers, wiper blades, brake drum, brake disk, brake pads, brake shoe, lamp, plugs, belts, linings, bulbs, fuses, suspension parts, mountings, parts made of rubber, etc. Other parts, not limited to steering wheel, gear knobs, gear bellows prone to normal wear tear will have a limited coverage:

NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY 2. 8 Damage or failure resulting duetothe following causes: instructions for the treatment, caretobe applied to the vehicle setoutinthe Owner s Manual have not been observed; 2. 8. 2 Use of improper battery charger, uids or lubricants. 2. 8. 3 Duetolackofuse prolonged period s; 2. 8. 4 Misuse, negligence, improper driving

Habits, theft etc. of the vehicle; 2. 8. 5 Damage from stress, likeuseof vehicles in races, rallies or as taxis. The warranty terms vehicle shall be di erent contained herein. 2. 8. 6 Use of MOTOR Genuine Parts. 2. 8. 7 Any device and or accessories not Supplied 2. 8. 8 Modi cations alterations, improper repair. 2. 8. 9 Parts

Applications of which they were not designed or not approved by irregularities not recognized as a ecting quality or function of the vehicle or parts, such as slight noise or vibrations, or items considered characteristic of the vehicle. following external causes: 2. 9. 1 Accidents, scratches, scoring, projection of

Gravel or solid bodies, hail, acts of vandalism; 2. 9. 2 Failure Manufacturer recommendations; 2. 9. 3 Deposits atmospheric pollution, plantbased deposits such as resin, animal-based deposits such as 2. 9. 4 Transportation 2. 9. 5 Fitting accessories not approved by the manufacturer; 2. 9. 6 Fitting accessories approved by the manufacturer,

But installed without observing NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY the recommendations denedbythe manufacturer; 2. 9. 7 Damage due to airborne fallout, industrial fallout, acid rain, hail and wind storms, or other force majeure events like earthquakes, war, riots, attacks, prolonged driving in submerged condition etc. 2. 9. 8 Damage caused due to

Hydro-static lock. 2. 9. 9 Paint scratches, dents or similar paint or body damage. consequential limitation, inconvenience, loss ofuseof vehicle or commercial loss. New Vehicle Warranty work? 2. 10. 1 check that the Owner s Manual does contain the Delivery Dateofthe vehicle - their warranty entitlement is dependent on this;

2. 10. 2 contact any workshop Authorized Workshop Network only such Workshop have the authorization for operations of completed Owner s Manual, as proof of entitlement to the recommended Manufacturer carried out; 2. 10. 4 have the defect covered Vehicle Warranty conrmedas MOTOR authorized workshop in writing. If the vehicle is

Unroadworthy, the Customer must contact the nearest JSW MOTOR Assistance. Vehicle Warranty does not authorized dealer members are exempt from all liabilities, NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY 2. 11. 1 The vehicle has been driven under conditions not in accordance with those stated (example: vehicle overloaded or taking partinanytypeof

Sports competition, etc.); The defect observed isduetothe Customer having had the vehicle repaired or serviced in a workshop outside the JSW network and not observing recommendations 2. 12 Bywayof consideration for the MOTOR New Vehicle Warranty, parts replaced under this warranty, shall legally become 2. 13 All operations, parts and

Labour, carried out under the Warranty are guaranteed until the new vehicle warranty 2. 14 Transferring ownership of the vehicle shall not alter the application conditions of the corrosion Warranty: warranty will apply from the delivery date given on the Owner s Manual for a period Personal Registration - 3 years or Unlimited kms.

Commercial Registration - 3 (whichever is earlier). Geographical Coverage: The geographical coverage oftheAnti-Corrosion Warranty is identical to that fortheJSWMG MOTOR New Vehicle Anti-Corrosion eld of application 3. 3. 1 In addition totheJSWMG MOTOR New Vehicle guarantees the bodywork and perforation from the interior, NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY

Due to steel panel corrosion caused by a manufacturing, material or protective product application defect. 3. 3. 2 This guarantee covers the repair or replacement of components with perforated steel panel work duetoa manufacturing, material or protective product application defect, acknowledged by the Manufacturer. MOTOR workshop s discretion

Appropriate replace these components, and to inform the Customer. Corrosion Warranty does not 3. 4. 1 any damage which is not MOTOR New Vehicle Warranty, asdenedatthe start of this components which arenotan integral partofthe bodywork or sub-frame (wheel rims, exhaust system, etc.). (including denting or painting)

Have been carried outonthe Vehicle in a workshop outside authorized network. Anti-Corrosion conditions of application 3. 5. 1 To obtain the AntiCustomer must contact any MOTOR Authorized Workshop Network - only such Workshop authorization operations of this sort. 3. 5. 2 The Customer shall show the duly completed (delivery

Date and validation of anticorrosion test coupons) the Owner s Manual as proof of their warranty entitlement. 3. 5. 3 Application oftheJSWMG MOTOR Anti-Corrosion Warranty is subject to the antiCustomer shall ensure that these tests are conducted at the mileage intervals stated in the Owner s Manual, and at least once every two years.

NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY MOTOR authorized workshop network incorporate these 3. 5. 4 If the Customer requests to have the anti-corrosion test conducted independently of service, the same will be carried outatan extra costtothe Customer. 3. 5. 5 During these tests the Customer shall make sure that the professional carrying out

Completes the bodywork and sub frame test coupon, in continuation Corrosion Warranty. deterioration mustbemadeassoonas possible. 3. 5. 7 The application of the Corrosion Warranty is also subject to bodywork and subframe repairs being carried out in accordance with JSW recommendations. replacement of components described intheeldof

Application (Paragraph 7. 3), shall taken into account the vehicle with regard toitsage, 3. 5. 9 Parts replaced under the Anti Corrosion Warranty legally become the property of JSW components tted under the Anti-Corrosion Warranty are guaranteed until theendofthe termofthe original Anti corrosion Warranty. 3. 5. 11 Transferring ownership

Of the vehicle does not alter the application conditions oftheAnti-Corrosion Warranty Duration of the Paintwork the bodywork paintwork and painted parts paintwork (door mirrors, bumpers etc.) for 3 NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY years or Unlimited kilometers (for Personal Registration) 3 years or 1, 00, 000 kms (for Registration)

(whichever is earlier) from the Delivery Date ofthenew Geographical Coverage: The geographical coverage of the Paintwork Warranty is identical New Vehicle Warranty. Paintwork Warranty eld of application: 3. 8. 1 This warranty covers the free repair or replacement of components with inherent (deterioration of lacquer or nishing varnish, duetoany

Material, manufacturing or application acknowledged Manufacturer, with the JSW workshop carrying out the Customer informed. 3. 8. 2 This repair shall take into account the general condition of the vehicle with regard to its Paintwork Warranty does not 3. 9. 1 any damage which is not MOTOR New Vehicle Warranty, asdenedatthe start of this

3. 9. 2 damage due to force majeure events: lightning, re, oods, earthquakes, war, riots and attacks; 3. 9. 3 Mechanical components which arenotan integral partofthe bodywork or sub-frame (wheel rims, exhaust system, etc.). Damage due to action of road elements (sand, gravel, dust or road debris) which results in stone chipping of paint or glass.

3. 10 Paintwork conditions of application 3. 10. 1 To obtain the Paintwork Warranty, the Customer must contact any workshop of the Workshop Network - only such Workshop have authorization for operations of this sort. NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY 3. 10. 2 The Customer shall show the duly completed (delivery date) Owner s Manual as proof of their entitlement to

The warranty. 3. 10. 3 Bywayof consideration for the parts supplied by JSW replaced under this warranty legally become the property of components tted under the guaranteed until theendofthe termofthe original Paintwork 3. 10. 5 Transferring ownership of the vehicle does not alter the application conditions of the Paintwork Warranty.

This warranty is the entire MOTOR and no Authorized itsorhis agent or employee is enlarge this warranty and no MOTOR oritsorhis agent or employee is authorized to make any oral warranty onJSWMG MOTOR s behalf. right tomakeany change in improvement in the design, structure, technology etc. of the vehicle atanytime without

Any obligation to make the same change on the vehicles already sold. Warranty service shall be MOTOR s Authorized Dealers and Dealer Service Branch. nal and binding on the Owner of the vehicle in all warranty reserves the right forthenal 8. The terms and conditions as contained herein shall be construed in accordance to

Thelawsas applicable in India and all disputes arising outofthis Warranty will be subject to the jurisdiction of Courts in Gurugram only. NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY application services content providers for developing the complete overall features across all MGI models. committed to providing the best user experience and services and

Actsasan integrator for these application services content providers. For any customer content service provider for resolution. Model variants applicable with Internet features. For limited coverage authorised service center.